Q 1: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-2160 ? 
('Mathematics of Finance',)
Q 2: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-2400 ? 
('Financial Mathematics and Investments',)
Q 3: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-2410 ? 
('Financial Economics I',)
Q 4: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-2510 ? 
('Actuarial Science I',)
Q 5: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-2860 ? 
('Actuarial Mathematics Lab I',)
Q 6: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-2940 ? 
('Optimization',)
Q 7: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-3160 ? 
('Game Theory',)
Q 8: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-3310 ? 
('Advanced Corporate Finance for Actuaries',)
Q 9: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-3410 ? 
('Financial Economics II',)
Q 10: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-3510 ? 
('Actuarial Science II',)
Q 11: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-3730 ? 
('Adv. Insurance and Actuarial Practices',)
Q 12: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-3770 ? 
('Combinatorial Optimization',)
Q 13: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-3910 ? 
('Mathematical Modelling',)
Q 14: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-4080 ? 
('Financial Mathematics II',)
Q 15: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-4090 ? 
('Financial Mathematics III',)
Q 16: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-4540 ? 
('Loss Models I',)
Q 17: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-4550 ? 
('Loss Models II',)
Q 18: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-4580 ? 
('Credibility Theory',)
Q 19: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-4680 ? 
('Nonlinear Optimization',)
Q 20: what is the CRS_TITLE of AMS-4780 ? 
('Quantitative Risk Management',)
Q 21: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-1410 ? 
('Introduction to Computer Programming Sci',)
Q 22: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-1610 ? 
('Digital Systems',)
Q 23: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-1910 ? 
('Computer Science I',)
Q 24: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-1920 ? 
('Computer Science II',)
Q 25: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-2060 ? 
('Web Development and Programming',)
Q 26: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-2120 ? 
('Mobile Device Development - iOS',)
Q 27: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-2130 ? 
('Mobile Device Development - Android',)
Q 28: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-2520 ? 
('Computer Organization and Architecture',)
Q 29: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-2620 ? 
('Comparative Programming Languages',)
Q 30: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-2710 ? 
('Practical Embedded Systems',)
Q 31: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-2820 ? 
('Programming Practices',)
Q 32: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-3110 ? 
('Video Game Design',)
Q 33: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-3210 ? 
('Human-Computer Interface Design',)
Q 34: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-3220 ? 
('Introduction to Bioinformatics',)
Q 35: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-3420 ? 
('Computer Communications',)
Q 36: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-3520 ? 
('Operating Systems',)
Q 37: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-3610 ? 
('Analysis and Design of Algorithms',)
Q 38: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-3620 ? 
('Software Design and Architecture',)
Q 39: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-3710 ? 
('Database Systems',)
Q 40: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-3840 ? 
('Tech. Management and Entrepreneurship',)
Q 41: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4060 ? 
('Cloud Computing',)
Q 42: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4110 ? 
('Artificial Intelligence/Automated Reason',)
Q 43: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4120 ? 
('Machine Learning and Data Mining',)
Q 44: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4350 ? 
('Computer Graphics Programming',)
Q 45: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4360 ? 
('Advanced Computer Graphics Programming',)
Q 46: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4440 ? 
('Data Science',)
Q 47: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4610 ? 
('Wireless Sensor Networks',)
Q 48: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4650 ? 
('Video-Game Architecture',)
Q 49: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4720 ? 
('Compiler Design',)
Q 50: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4810 ? 
('Software Engineering',)
Q 51: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4820 ? 
('Software System Project',)
Q 52: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4830 ? 
('Video Game Programming Project',)
Q 53: what is the CRS_TITLE of CS-4840 ? 
('Prototype Systems Development',)
Q 54: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-1010 ? 
('Elements of Mathematics',)
Q 55: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-1110 ? 
('Finite Mathematics',)
Q 56: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-1120 ? 
('Calc for Mangerial, Social, Life Science',)
Q 57: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-1910 ? 
('Single Variable Calculus I',)
Q 58: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-1920 ? 
('Single Variable Calculus II',)
Q 59: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-2420 ? 
('Combinatorics I',)
Q 60: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-2610 ? 
('Linear Algebra I',)
Q 61: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-2620 ? 
('Linear Algebra II',)
Q 62: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-2720 ? 
('Mathematical Reasoning',)
Q 63: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-2810 ? 
('Foundations of Geometry',)
Q 64: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-2910 ? 
('Multivariable and Vector Calculus',)
Q 65: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-3010 ? 
('Differential Equations',)
Q 66: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-3310 ? 
('Complex Variables',)
Q 67: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-3420 ? 
('Number Theory',)
Q 68: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-3430 ? 
('Combinatorics II',)
Q 69: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-3510 ? 
('Real Analysis',)
Q 70: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-3610 ? 
('Group Theory',)
Q 71: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-3710 ? 
('Graph Theory',)
Q 72: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-4020 ? 
('Point-Set Topology',)
Q 73: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-4520 ? 
('Measure Theory and Integration',)
Q 74: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-4530 ? 
('Functional Analysis',)
Q 75: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-4620 ? 
('Ring and Field Theory',)
Q 76: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-4710 ? 
('Partial Differential Equations',)
Q 77: what is the CRS_TITLE of MATH-4720 ? 
('Dynamical Systems',)
Q 78: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-2010 ? 
('Maple Technology Lab',)
Q 79: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-2020 ? 
('Matlab Technology Lab',)
Q 80: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-2030 ? 
('R Technology Lab',)
Q 81: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-2040 ? 
('Visual Basic in Excel Technology Lab',)
Q 82: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-2050 ? 
('GGY Axis Technology Lab',)
Q 83: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-2850 ? 
('Co-op Work Term I',)
Q 84: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-3050 ? 
('Tutoring in Math. and Comput. Sciences',)
Q 85: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-3320 ? 
('Theory of Computing',)
Q 86: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-3500 ? 
('Quantum Information',)
Q 87: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-3840 ? 
('Co-op Career Skills II',)
Q 88: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-3850 ? 
('Co-op Work Term II',)
Q 89: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-3920 ? 
('Numerical Analysis',)
Q 90: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-3950 ? 
('Special Topics in Mathematical and Compu',)
Q 91: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-4210 ? 
('Professional Communication and Practice',)
Q 92: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-4420 ? 
('Cryptography and Codes',)
Q 93: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-4850 ? 
('Co-op Work Term III',)
Q 94: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-4860 ? 
('Co-op Work Term IV',)
Q 95: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-4900 ? 
('Honours Project',)
Q 96: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-4910 ? 
('Directed Studies',)
Q 97: what is the CRS_TITLE of MCS-4950 ? 
('Advanced Topics in MCS',)
Q 98: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-2210 ? 
('Introductory Statistics I',)
Q 99: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-2220 ? 
('Introductory Statistics II',)
Q 100: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-3210 ? 
('Probability and Math Statistics I',)
Q 101: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-3220 ? 
('Probability and Math Statistics II',)
Q 102: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-3240 ? 
('Applied Regression Analysis',)
Q 103: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-4110 ? 
('Statistical Simulation',)
Q 104: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-4240 ? 
('Experimental Design',)
Q 105: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-4280 ? 
('Generalized Linear Models',)
Q 106: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-4330 ? 
('Time Series I',)
Q 107: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-4340 ? 
('Time Series II',)
Q 108: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-4410 ? 
('Stochastic Processes',)
Q 109: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-4550 ? 
('Data Analysis and Inference',)
Q 110: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-4660 ? 
('Data Visualization and Mining',)
Q 111: what is the CRS_TITLE of STAT-474 ? 
None
Q 112: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-2160 ? 
('MATHEMATICS OF FINANCE This first course in the mathematics of finance includes topics such as measurement of interest; annuities and perpetuities; amortization and sinking funds; rates of return; bonds and related securities; life insurance. Three lecture hours a week plus a 2 hour lab per week.',)
Q 113: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-2400 ? 
('FINANCIAL MATHEMATICS & INVESTMENTS Advanced topics of Theory of Interest as initially covered in AMS 2160 including time value of money, annuities, loans, bonds, general cash flows, portfolios and immunization concepts, as well as an introduction to capital markets, analysis of equity and fixed income investments, and an introduction to derivative securities including futures, forwards, swaps and options. Three lecture hours plus a two hour lab per week',)
Q 114: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-2410 ? 
('FINANCIAL ECONOMICS I Introduction to mathematical techniques used to price and hedge derivative securities in modern finance. Modelling, analysis and computations for financial derivative products, including exotic options and swaps in all asset classes. Applications of derivatives in practice will also be discussed. Three lecture hours a week plus a two hour lab per week.',)
Q 115: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-2510 ? 
('ACTUARIAL SCIENCE I This course will explore the future lifetime random variable, probability and survival functions, force of mortality; complete and curtate expectation of life, and Makeham and Gompertz mortality laws. Other topics will include: Life tables, characteristics of population and insurance life tables, selection, and fractional age assumptions. Life insurance payments and annuity payments: Present value random variables; expected present values; higher moments; actuarial notation, annual, 1/mthly and continuous cases, relationships between insurance and annuity functions.  Premiums, expense loadings, present value of future loss random variables and distribution, net and gross cases, the equivalence principle and portfolio percentile principle will also be discussed. Three lecture hours plus a two hour lab per week.',)
Q 116: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-2860 ? 
('ACTUARIAL MATHEMATICS LAB I This lab features problem-solving sessions for the professional examination on financial mathematics of the Society of Actuaries and the Casualty Actuarial Society. Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 117: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-2940 ? 
('OPTIMIZATION An introduction to the methods and applications of linear programming.  Topics include linear programming formulations, the simplex method, duality and sensitivity analysis, and integer programming basics. Applications to transportation, resource allocation and scheduling problems will be examined. Software will be used to illustrate topics and applications. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 118: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-3160 ? 
('GAME THEORY The course covers the fundamentals of game theory and its applications to the modeling of competition and cooperation in business, economics, biology and society.  It will include two-person games in strategic form and Nash equilibria, extensive form games, including multi-stage games, coalition games and the core Bayesian games, mechanism design and auctions. PREREQUISITES: Math 192, Math 242 and Stat 222 Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 119: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-3310 ? 
('ADVANCED CORPORATE FINANCE FOR ACTUARIES This course covers various advanced topics in corporate finance, with emphasis on theories of corporate incentives and asymmetric information. Illustrative applications using cases are provided. Topics include: capital budgeting, real options, investment decision using Markowitz and utility theory, the Capital Asset Pricing Model, Arbitrage Pricing Theory, market efficiency and capital structure and dividend policy. Other topics may include time value of money, capital budgeting, cost of capital, security issuance, capital structure, payout policy and dividends, short-term finance, and risk management. Where suitable, topics are treated from a mathematical and quantitative perspective. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 120: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-3410 ? 
('FINANCIAL ECONOMICS II This course will discuss advanced mathematical techniques used to price and hedge derivative securities in modern finance. Topics include: modelling, analysis and computations for financial derivative products, including exotic options and swaps in all asset classes. Students will also have the opportunity to apply these derivatives in practice. Three lecture hours plus a two hour lab per week.',)
Q 121: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-3510 ? 
("ACTUARIAL SCIENCE II This course will discuss: policy values, annual, 1/mthly and continuous cases, Thiele's equation, policy alterations, modified policies and multiple state models. Other topics will include applications in life contingencies, assumptions, Kolmogorov equations, premiums, policy values, multiple decrement models, Joint Life Models, Valuation of insurance benefits on joint lives, and dependent and independent cases. Three lecture hours plus a two hour lab per week.",)
Q 122: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-3730 ? 
('ADVANCED INSURANCE AND ACTUARIAL PRACTICES This course is a study of cash flow projection methods for pricing, reserving and profit testing. Topics include: deterministic, stochastic and stress testing; pricing and risk management of embedded options in insurance products; mortality and maturity guarantees for equity-linked life insurance. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 123: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-3770 ? 
('COMBINATORIAL OPTIMIZATION In this course, various algorithms will be considered, including minimum spanning tree, shortest path, maximum flow, and maximum matching. The links with linear and integer programming will also be considered, with particular attention to duality. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 124: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-3910 ? 
('MATHEMATICAL MODELLING This course studies the process of mathematical modeling, namely, formulating a "real-world" problem in mathematical terms, solving the resulting mathematical problem, and interpreting the solution. Major topics include the modeling of optimization problems (using the techniques of linear programming), and deterministic and probabilistic dynamical processes (with models formulated as differential and difference equations). Applications are taken from science, business and other areas, according to class interest. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 125: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-4080 ? 
("FINANCIAL MATHEMATICS II This course explores calculus in a stochastic environment. Topics include: random functions, derivative, chain rule, integral, integration by parts, partial derivatives, pricing forwards and options. Ito's lemma and financial applications, Hull-White, Artzner-Heath, and Brennan-Schwartz models Martingales, pricing methodology, and risk-neutral probability will also be discussed. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 126: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-4090 ? 
("FINANCIAL MATHEMATICS III This course discusses forming risk-free portfolios, the Black-Scholes partial differential equation, constant dividend case, exotic options, drift adjustment, and equivalent martingale measures. Topics also include: Cox-Ross-Rubinstein, Merton and Vasicek's models, stochastic optimization, Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation, and application to American options. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 127: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-4540 ? 
('LOSS MODELS I This course explores models for loss severity, parametric models, effect of policy modifications, and tail behaviour. Topics also include: models for loss frequency: (a, b, 0), (a, b, 1), mixed Poisson models; compound Poisson models, Aggregate claims models: moments and moment generating function: recursion and Classical ruin theory. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 128: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-4550 ? 
('LOSS MODELS II This course is a study of the mathematics of survival models and includes some examples of parametric survival models. Topics include: tabular survival models, estimates from complete and incomplete data samples, parametric survival models, and determining the optimal parameters. Maximum likelihood estimators, derivation and properties, product limit estimators, Kaplan-Meier and Nelson-Aalen, credibility theory: limited fluctuation; Bayesian; Buhlmann; Buhlmann-Straub; empirical Bayes parameter estimation; statistical inference for loss models; maximum likelihood estimation; the effect of policy modifications; and model selection will also be discussed. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 129: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-4580 ? 
('CREDIBILITY THEORY This course is a credibility approach to inference for heterogeneous data; classical, regression and Bayesian models; with illustrations from insurance data. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 130: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-4680 ? 
('NONLINEAR OPTIMIZATION This course is a study of unconstrained optimization, optimality conditions (necessary, sufficient and Karush-Kuhn-Tucker), penalty functions, convex functions, and convex programming. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 131: what is the CRS_DESC of AMS-4780 ? 
('QUANTITATIVE RISK MANAGEMENT This course is an introduction to financial risk management. Topics include: risk measures, modeling for multivariate distributions and copulas, market, credit and operational risk. Advanced topics in quantitative risk management will also be discussed. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 132: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-1410 ? 
('INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER PROGRAMMING FOR SCIENTISTS This course is an introduction to computer programming for non-computer science majors. Topics include problem-solving, algorithm design, data types, control structures, repetition, loops, nested structures, modular programming and arrays. Three lecture hours and 1.5 hours of laboratory session per week. NOTE: Credit will be allowed for only one of CS 1410 or Engineering 1320. As well, CS 1410 may not be taken concurrently with, or after, CS 1510. Prerequisite: Grade XII academic mathematics',)
Q 133: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-1610 ? 
('DIGITAL SYSTEMS This course provides an introduction to digital systems, beginning with elementary components such as logic gates, from which are constructed components such as adders and comparators, and progressing to more complex systems such as programmable logic devices, memory and processor units. Students acquire skills in the design and analysis of combinational and sequential digital systems, CAD design and simulation tools for complex systems, and construction of digital systems based upon a modular methodology. Three lecture hours and a three-hour laboratory session per week',)
Q 134: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-1910 ? 
('COMPUTER SCIENCE I This course is an introduction to computer programming and is designed for both Computer Science majors and non-majors.  Emphasis is on problem solving and software development using a modern high level object-oriented language.  Topics include: the programming process; language syntax and semantics; data types; expressions; input and output; conditionals; loops; arrays; functions/methods and text files.  The course follos an "objects late" strategy, deferring in-depth discussions of object-orientated concepts to Computer Science 192. PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic mathematics',)
Q 135: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-1920 ? 
('COMPUTER SCIENCE II This course continues the development of object-oriented programming.  Topics include class design; inheritance; interfaces and polymorphism; collection classes; searching and sorting; recursion; exception handling; the Model-View-Controller pattern; and graphical user interfaces. ',)
Q 136: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-2060 ? 
('WEB DEVELOPMENT AND PROGRAMMING In this course, students learn to create websites that involve server-side scripting and database operations. While one specific scripting language is used to acquire web development and programming skills, students are exposed to a spectrum of scripting languages, enabling them to easily adapt to others. Three hours per week',)
Q 137: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-2120 ? 
('MOBILE DEVICE DEVELOPMENT - iOS This course introduces the student to programming for mobile devices that use iOS. The course will present a study of the architecture, operating system, and programming for these devices. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 138: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-2130 ? 
('MOBILE DEVICE DEVELOPMENT - ANDROID This course introduces the student to programming for mobile devices that use the Android platform. The course will present a study of the architecture, operating system and programming language of these devices. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 139: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-2520 ? 
("COMPUTER ORGANIZATION AND ARCHITECTURE This course provides a basic understanding of the organization and architecture of modern computer systems. It examines the function and design of major hardware components both from a designer's perspective and through assembly language programming. Topics include components and their interconnection, internal/external memory, input/output subsystems, processors, computer arithmetic, instruction sets, addressing modes, and pipelining. Three hours per week",)
Q 140: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-2620 ? 
('COMPARATIVE PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES This course examines the principal features of major types of programming languages, including procedural, logical, functional and object-oriented languages. Features include parameter-passing mechanisms, control structures, scope, and binding rules. Each language type is illustrated by considering a specific language. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 141: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-2710 ? 
('PRACTICAL EMBEDDED SYSTEMS This course introduces students to the concept of embedded systems architectures, the interconnection of sensors and actuators to such systems, and the usage of such platforms for data acquisition and control of automated systems. Popular microcontroller units and system-on-chip platforms will be examined. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 142: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-2820 ? 
('PROGRAMMING PRACTICES This course introduces the student to development in the Unix/Linux environment. Topics include development tools, shell programming, common utility programs, processes, file/directory management, IDEs, testing/debugging, version control, and an introduction to software engineering. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 143: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-3110 ? 
('VIDEO GAME DESIGN This course focuses on the process from initial idea to final design of a video game. Students will craft a game document from an original concept of their own creation and create a prototype of the game based on that document. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 144: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-3210 ? 
('HUMAN-COMPUTER INTERFACE DESIGN This course is an introduction to the design and evaluation of software interfaces and webpages. The course focuses on user-centered design and includes topics such as user analysis and modelling, iterative prototyping, usability testing, designing for the web, internationalization and localization. Three hours per week',)
Q 145: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-3220 ? 
('INTRODUCTION TO BIOINFORMATICS This course is an introduction to bioinformatics, with a focus on a practical guide to the analysis of data on genes and proteins. It familiarizes students with the tools and principles of contemporary bioinformatics. Students acquire a working knowledge of a variety of publicly available data and computational tools important in bioinformatics, and a grasp of the underlying principles enabling them to evaluate and use novel techniques as they arise in the future.  Cross-listed with Biology, Pathology/Microbiology, Human Biology (cf. Biology 3220, VPM 8850, HB 8850). Three lecture hours and a one-hour laboratory session per week. NOTE:  No student can be awarded more than one course credit among HB 8850, VPM 8850, CS 3220 and BIO 3220.',)
Q 146: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-3420 ? 
('COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS This course introduces the basic principles of modern computer communication: protocols, architectures and standards. Topics include layered architectures, data transmission, error and flow control, medium access, routing, congestion control and common internet application protocols. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 147: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-3520 ? 
('OPERATING SYSTEMS This course introduces the student to the major concepts of modern operating systems. Topics covered include: process management, memory management, file systems, device management and security. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 148: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-3610 ? 
('ANALYSIS AND DESIGN OF ALGORITHMS This course, which introduces the study of algorithm design and measures of efficiency, is a continuation of CS 2610. Topics include algorithm complexity and analysis; techniques such as divide and conquer, greedy and dynamic programming; searching and sorting algorithms; graph algorithms; text processing; efficient algorithms for several common computer science problems and NP-completeness. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 149: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-3620 ? 
('SOFTWARE DESIGN AND ARCHITECTURE This course examines the principles and best practices in object-oriented (OO) software design. Topics include a review of foundational OO concepts, OO design principles, classic design patterns, and software architectures. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 150: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-3710 ? 
('DATABASE SYSTEMS This course introduces the fundamental concepts necessary for the design, use and implementation of database systems. Topics discussed include logical and physical organization of data, database models, design theory, data definition and manipulation languages, constraints, views, and embedding database languages in general programming languages. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 151: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-3840 ? 
('TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT & ENTREPRENEURSHIP This course provides an overview on how to start and sustain a technology-oriented company.  Topics discussed will include the role of technology in society, intellectual property, patents, business plans, financial planning, sources of capital, business structure, liability, tax implications, sales, marketing, operational and human resource management.  This course will be taught using problem-based and experiential learning strategies with involvement from real life entrepreneurs as motivators and facilitators. (Cross-listed with Engineering 4430. Three lecture hours per week.',)
Q 152: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4060 ? 
('CLOUD COMPUTING This course examines: the critical technology trends that are enabling cloud computing, the architecture and the design of existing deployments, the services and the applications they offer, and the challenges that need to be addressed to help cloud computing to reach its full potential. The format of this course will be a mix of lectures, seminar-style discussions, and student presentations. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 153: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4110 ? 
('ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND AUTOMATED REASONING This course introduces general problem-solving methods associated with automated reasoning and simulated intelligence. Topics include problem abstraction, state space heuristic search theory, pathfinding, flocking behaviour, knowledge representation, propositional logic, reasoning with uncertainty, machine learning and connectionism. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 154: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4120 ? 
('MACHINE LEARNING AND DATA MINING Machine learning is the study of mechanisms for acquiring knowledge from large data sets. This course examines techniques for detecting patterns in sets of uncategorized data. Supervised and unsupervised learning techniques are studied, with particular application to real-world data. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 155: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4350 ? 
('COMPUTER GRAPHICS PROGRAMMING This course introduces the student to the principles and tools of applied graphics programming including graphical systems, input and interaction, object modeling, transformations, hidden surface removal, and shading and lighting models. Languages, graphics libraries and toolkits, and video game engines are introduced, as well as relevant graphics standards. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 156: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4360 ? 
('ADVANCED COMPUTER GRAPHICS PROGRAMMING This course builds on the computer graphics programming concepts introduced in CS 4350. Students are given a deeper understanding of the components of the 3D graphics pipeline, and how they are used in modern graphical applications. Topics include advanced texture mapping, practical uses of vertex and pixel shaders, screen post-processing, particle systems, and graphics engine design. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 157: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4440 ? 
('DATA SCIENCE Data science is an interdisciplinary and emerging field where techniques from several areas are used to solve problems using data. This course provides an overview and hands-on training in data science, where students will learn to combine tools and techniques from computer science, statistics, data visualization and the social sciences. The course will focus on: 1) the process of moving from data collection to product, 2) tools for preparing, manipulating and analyzing data sets (big and small), 3) statistical modelling and machine learning, and 4) real world challenges. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 158: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4610 ? 
('WIRELESS SENSOR NETWORKS This course is an introduction to Wireless Sensor Networks. It includes the following topics: single-node architecture, wireless sensor network architecture, physical layer, MAC protocols, link-layer protocols, naming and addressing, time synchronization, localization and positioning, topology control, routing protocols, transport layer, and quality of service. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 159: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4650 ? 
('VIDEO-GAME ARCHITECTURE This programming-driven course aims to explore the various systems that comprise a typical video-game project, including event systems, state machines, rendering, scripting and AI programming. Students will implement these components throughout the course with the end goal of building a small game. Three lectures hours per week',)
Q 160: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4720 ? 
('COMPILER DESIGN This is a first course in compiler design. The course covers: compilation phases, lexical analysis, parsing, scope rules, block structure, symbol tables, run-time heap and stack management, code generation, pre-processing, compiler-compilers, and translation systems.',)
Q 161: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4810 ? 
('SOFTWARE ENGINEERING This course emphasizes the theory, methods and tools employed in developing medium to large-scale software which is usable, efficient, maintainable, and dependable. Project management is a major focus. Topics include traditional and agile process models, project costing, scheduling, team organization and management, requirements modelling/specification, software design, software verification and testing, and re-engineering. Three lecture hours per week.     Restriction: Student must have fourth year standing in Computer Science ',)
Q 162: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4820 ? 
('SOFTWARE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT PROJECT In this course, students propose, complete and present a significant software project in a group setting using the system development skills learned in CS 4810. The course applies object-oriented design principles through the use of UML. Students are encouraged to select (with the consent of the instructor) a project with a real-world client. One lecture hour per week plus significant project time',)
Q 163: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4830 ? 
('VIDEO GAME PROGRAMMING PROJECT In this course, students work as a group to develop a single design into a fully functioning video game. This course applies the project management skills learned in CS 4810 to the development of a professional quality video game based upon a single design and prototype emerging from CS 3110. One lecture hour per week plus significant project time.',)
Q 164: what is the CRS_DESC of CS-4840 ? 
('PROTOTYPE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT This course is for student teams who wish to develop an early prototype of a product which they hope to pitch to an external start-up accelerator program post-graduation. Student teams may be inter-disciplinary, but students must register for this course (or its equivalent) within their home school/department. Entry into the course is dependent upon a pitch for the product being judged as economically viable by a team of project mentors. Pitches are made at the conclusion of CS 3840. One lecture hour per week plus significant project time.',)
Q 165: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-1010 ? 
('ELEMENTS OF MATHEMATICS This course provides an introduction to several mathematical topics at the university level, and is intended for students majoring in a discipline other than Mathematical and Computational Sciences, or the Natural Sciences. The course consists of four modules: (1) Sets and Logic, (2) Number Theory, (3) Geometry, (4) Mathematical Systems. NOTE: Credit will not be given jointly for this course and any other 1000-level Mathematics course. PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 166: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-1110 ? 
('FINITE MATHEMATICS This course introduces students to finite mathematical techniques and to mathematical models in business, life and the social sciences. The course begins with an introduction to mathematical models, types of models, and conversion of verbal models to mathematical models. Topics covered include systems of linear equations and matrices, linear inequalities and linear programming, sets, counting and probability. NOTE: Credit for Mathematics 1110 will not be allowed if taken concurrent with or subsequent to Mathematics 2610. PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 167: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-1120 ? 
('CALCULUS FOR THE MANAGERIAL, SOCIAL AND LIFE SCIENCES This course provides an introduction to calculus for students in the managerial, social and life sciences. The main emphasis of the course is the development of techniques of differentiation and integration of algebraic, exponential and logarithmic functions. Applications of derivatives and integrals are also discussed. NOTE: Credit will not be given jointly for this course and Math 1910 PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 168: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-1910 ? 
('SINGLE VARIABLE CALCULUS I This course is an introduction to differential and integral calculus of functions of a single variable. The course is intended primarily for majors in the Mathematical and Computational Sciences, Engineering and the Physical Sciences, as well as those planning to continue with further Mathematics courses. The concepts of limits, continuity and derivatives are introduced and explored numerically, graphically and analytically. The tools of differential calculus are applied to problems in: related rates; velocity and acceleration; extrema of functions; optimization; curve sketching; and indeterminate forms. The concepts of definite and indefinite integrals are introduced, and the relation between the two integrals is discovered via the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus. PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics[and a passing grade on the Assessment Test]',)
Q 169: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-1920 ? 
('SINGLE VARIABLE CALCULUS II This course is a continuation of integral calculus of functions of a single variable and an introduction to sequences and series. Techniques of integration are studied, including improper integrals and numerical integration, and the tools of integral calculus are used to compute areas, volumes and arc lengths; and are applied to problems in physics and differential equations. Sequences, series, tests for convergence, Taylor series and Taylor polynomials are studied.',)
Q 170: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-2420 ? 
('COMBINATORICS I This course offers a survey of topics in discrete mathematics that are essential for students majoring in the Mathematical and Computational Sciences. Topics include: logic, proof techniques such as mathematical induction, recursion, counting methods, and introductory graph theory. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 171: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-2610 ? 
('LINEAR ALGEBRA I This course introduces some of the basic concepts and techniques of linear algebra to students of any major. The emphasis is on the interpretation and development of computational tools. Theory is explained mainly on the basis of two or three-dimensional models. Topics covered are: matrices; determinants; systems of equations; vectors in two and three-dimensional space including dot and cross products, lines, and planes; concepts of linear independence, basis, and dimension explained with examples; linear transformations and their matrices; eigenvectors and eigenvalues. Three lecture hours per week PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 172: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-2620 ? 
('LINEAR ALGEBRA II This course continues MATH 2610 with further concepts and theory of linear algebra. Topics include vector spaces, orthogonality, Gram-Schmidt Process, canonical forms, spectral decompositions, inner product spaces and the projection theorem. Three lecture hours a week',)
Q 173: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-2720 ? 
('MATHEMATICAL REASONING This course provides students with experience in writing mathematical arguments. It covers first-order logic, set theory, relations, and functions. The ideas and proof techniques are considered in the context of various mathematical structures such as partial orders, graphs, number systems, and finite groups. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 174: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-2810 ? 
('FOUNDATIONS OF GEOMETRY This course presents an axiomatic base for Euclidean geometry and an insight into the interdependence of the various theorems and axioms of that geometry and non-Euclidean geometries. Topics include: incidence and separation properties for points, lines, planes and space; congruence properties; geometric inequalities; similarity properties; and geometric constructions. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 175: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-2910 ? 
("MULTIVARIABLE AND VECTOR CALCULUS This course continues from Math 1920 and is an introduction to multivariable differentiation and integration and vector calculus. Topics include parametric representation of curves; polar coordinates; vectors; dot and cross products; curves and surfaces in space; calculus of vector-valued functions; functions of several variables; partial differentiation; directional derivatives; tangent planes; local and constrained maxima and minima; double and triple integrals; changes of variables in multiple integrals; vector fields; line and surface integrals; gradient, divergence and curl; Green's, Stokes' and Divergence Theorems.",)
Q 176: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-3010 ? 
('DIFFERENTIAL EQUATIONS This course introduces the basic theory of differential equations, considers various techniques for their solution, and provides elementary applications. Topics include linear equations; separable equations; linear independence and Wronskian; second-order equations with constant coefficients; nonhomogeneous equations; applications of first- and second-order equations; Laplace and inverse Laplace transforms, and their application to initial-value problems; series solutions about ordinary and singular points; and Fourier series. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 177: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-3310 ? 
("COMPLEX VARIABLES This is a first course in complex variables. The aim is to acquaint students with the elementary complex functions, their properties and derivatives, and with methods of integration. Topics covered include: definition and development of complex numbers as ordered pairs; geometric representation; basic formulas and inequalities involving argument and conjugates; roots of complex numbers, limit, continuity, and derivative; Cauchy Riemann conditions; harmonic functions; properties of trigonometric, hyperbolic, logarithmic, exponential, and inverse trigonometric functions; bilinear transformation; integration; Cauchy Integral Theorem and Formula; residues and poles; Laurent and Taylor's series; and improper integrals. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 178: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-3420 ? 
("NUMBER THEORY This first course in number theory will include the following topics: equivalence of the principles of induction and the well-ordering principle; division algorithm; positional notation and repeating decimals; greatest common divisor; Euclidean Algorithm; Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic; Pythagorean Triplets; Prime Numbers Theorem; Mersenne and Fermat Numbers; congruences; Euler's Phi-function; Chinese Remainder Theorem; Diophantine Equations; Theorems of Lagrange and Wilson; Quadratic Reciprocity Law of Gauss; Legendre symbol and primitive roots; perfect numbers; multiplicative number- theoretic functions; Moebius inversion. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 179: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-3430 ? 
('COMBINATORICS II This course continues MATH 2420, with the examination of advanced counting techniques, binomial coefficients, and generating functions.  Other topics include relations, partial orders, and Steiner Triple systems. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 180: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-3510 ? 
('REAL ANALYSIS This is a first course in real analysis. Topics include: the reals as a complete ordered field; closed and open sets; Bolzano-Weierstrass and Heine-Borel Theorems; Cauchy Sequences; limits and continuity; derivative; Mean Value Theorem; Riemann Integral; and the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 181: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-3610 ? 
("GROUP THEORY An introduction to group theory, including: cyclic groups, symmetric groups, subgroups and normal subgroups, Lagrange's theorem, quotient groups and homomorphisms, isomorphism theorems, group actions, Sylow's theorem, simple groups, direct and semidirect products, fundamental theorem on finitely generated Abelian groups. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 182: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-3710 ? 
('GRAPH THEORY This course is an introduction to the ideas, methods, and applications of graph theory. Topics include graph connectivity, graph factors and factorizations, planar graphs, and colourings. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 183: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-4020 ? 
('POINT-SET TOPOLOGY A first course in topology, covering some review of set theory; cardinal numbers; binary relations; metric spaces, convergence and continuity in metric spaces; topological spaces, bases, sub- spaces; continuity in general; homeomorphism; product spaces; separation axioms; compactness; connectedness. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 184: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-4520 ? 
('MEASURE THEORY AND INTEGRATION A first course in measure theory, covering measure as a generalization of length, outer measure, sigma-algebras, measurability, construction of measures, Lebesgue measure on the real line, measurable functions and the Lebesgue integral. Additional topics may include and convergence theorems, product measures and Fubini Theorem. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 185: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-4530 ? 
('FUNCTIONAL ANALYSIS This first course in functional analysis covers topics like: metric spaces, Banach spaces, function spaces, Hilbert spaces, generalized Fourier series and linear operators. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 186: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-4620 ? 
('RING AND FIELD THEORY Introduction to ring and field theory, including: polynomial rings, matrix rings, ideals and homomorphisms, quotient rings, Chinese remainder theorem, Euclidean domains, principal ideal domains, unique factorization domains, introduction to module theory, basic theory of field extensions, splitting fields and algebraic closures, finite fields, introduction to Galois theory. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 187: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-4710 ? 
('PARTIAL DIFFERENTIAL EQUATIONS This course is an introduction to the theory and application of partial differential equations. Topics include: first-order equations and characteristic curves; classification of second-order equations as parabolic, hyperbolic or elliptic; Laplace, wave and diffusion equations, and their physical origins; solution using Fourier series; and separation of variables. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 188: what is the CRS_DESC of MATH-4720 ? 
('DYNAMICAL SYSTEMS This course is a study of the long-term qualitative behaviour of solutions of systems of differential or difference equations. Topics include: non-linear systems, linearization, numerical and graphical methods, equilibria, phase space, stability, bifurcations, strange attractors, and chaos. Applications to physics, biology and other sciences are studied. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 189: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-2010 ? 
('MAPLE TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package MAPLE. Topics include the basic functions and commands, mathematical problem solving using MAPLE, and programming in the internal MAPLE language.  Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 190: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-2020 ? 
('MATLAB TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package Matlab. Topics include the basic functions and commands, programming and problem-solving using Matlab. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 191: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-2030 ? 
('R TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package R. Topics include the basic functions and commands, programming and problem-solving using R. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 192: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-2040 ? 
('VISUAL BASIC IN EXCEL TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package Excel and Visual Basic in the Excel environment. Topics include the basic functions and commands, programming and  problem-solving using Excel and Visual Basic. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 193: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-2050 ? 
('GGY AXIS TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package GGY AXIS. Topics include the basic functions and commands, programming and problem-solving using GGY AXIS. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 194: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-2850 ? 
("CO-OP WORK TERM I This course is a co-op students' first work term. A work term report related to a technical problem/issue within the organization where the student is working is required.  Students are assessed on a pass/fail basis. Three semester hours of credit",)
Q 195: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-3050 ? 
('TUTORING IN MATHEMATICAL AND COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCES Students are introduced to techniques for facilitating learning in the Mathematical and Computational Sciences, and then put these techniques into practice by mediating student group learning either in introductory Mathematical and Computational Sciences courses, Mathematical and Computational Science Help Centre or in outreach programs to High Schools. Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 196: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-3320 ? 
('THEORY OF COMPUTING This course introduces automata theory, formal languages and computability. Topics include: finite automata; regular expressions; regular, context-free, and context-sensitive languages; computability models; algorithmic decidable and undecidable problems. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 197: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-3500 ? 
('QUANTUM INFORMATION Introduction to quantum information science; the field of studying, storing, processing and communicating information using quantum systems.  Topic include quantum mechanics for Qubit Systems, foundations of Quantum Computing, algorithms, communication and cryptography. Three lecture hours per week.',)
Q 198: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-3840 ? 
("CO-OP CAREER SKILLS II This course offers career skills training to strengthen co-op students' readiness for their second work term. Students are assessed on a pass/fail basis. Cross-listed with Business (cf. Business 3920) Semester hours of credit: 0",)
Q 199: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-3850 ? 
("CO-OP WORK TERM II This course is a co-op students' second work term. Students will submit a report summarizing their work term achievements. Students are assessed on a pass/fail basis. Three semester hours of credit",)
Q 200: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-3920 ? 
("NUMERICAL ANALYSIS Approximate solution of equations, various interpolative or iterative methods, especially Newton's; convergence tests and rates of convergence; roundoff and truncation errors; propagation of error in calculations; interpolating polynomials; Gauss-Jordan and other methods for simultaneous linear equations; inversion of matrices; determinants and eigenvalues; simultaneous nonlinear equations; evaluation of definite integrals; approximate derivatives; initial-value ordinary differential equations; least-squares curve fitting. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 201: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-3950 ? 
('SPECIAL TOPICS IN MATHEMATICAL AND COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCES This course provides students with an opportunity to pursue special topics in Mathematical and Computational Science. Content varies from year to year.  Three lecture hours per week. Restriction: Student must have permission of the instructor.',)
Q 202: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-4210 ? 
("PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION AND PRACTICE This course aims to build students' oral and written communications skills, and to prepare them for a professional environment. Using examples from their discipline, students will focus on such aspects as description of processes, presentation of data, extended abstracts, correct use of terminology, and sensitivity to language and tone. Discussions of topics relevant to the professional Mathematical and Computational Scientist are also a key part of the course. Three hours per week",)
Q 203: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-4420 ? 
('CRYPTOGRAPHY AND CODES This course is a study of classic and modern methods of encryption, applications to public-key ciphers, random number generators, attacks on encryption systems, error correcting codes; and computational number theory. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 204: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-4850 ? 
("CO-OP WORK TERM III This course is a co-op students' third work term. Students will submit a report summarizing their work term achievements. Students are assessed on a pass/fail basis. Three semester hours of credit",)
Q 205: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-4860 ? 
('CO-OP WORK TERM IV This optional work term is only available to co-op students in the School of Mathematical and Computational Sciences, who elect for a fourth work term. The goal is to add further value for the student, integrating classroom theory with professional skills acquired during the work term.  Semester hours of credit: 0',)
Q 206: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-4900 ? 
('HONOURS PROJECT This course is intended to give research experience to students planning to pursue graduate studies in an area of Mathematical and Computational Sciences, or planning a career where research experience would be an asset. It provides students with the opportunity to do an independent research project on Mathematical or Computational Sciences topic, under the supervision of a faculty member. Some or all of the work may be done during the summer months. Semester hours of credit: 6  Restriction: Student must be accepted to an Honours program in the School of Mathematical and Computational Sciences',)
Q 207: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-4910 ? 
('DIRECTED STUDIES IN MATHEMATICAL AND COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCES These courses are designed and recommended for students in the Mathematical and Computational Sciences to encourage independent initiative and study. Reading and research will be conducted in one or more specialized areas. (See Academic Regulation 9 for Regulations Governing Directed Studies.) Three semester hours of credit. Restriction: Student must have permission of the instructor.',)
Q 208: what is the CRS_DESC of MCS-4950 ? 
("ADVANCED TOPICS IN MATHEMATICAL AND COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCES This course provides students with an opportunity to pursue advanced topics in Mathematical and Computational Sciences. Content varies from year to year but is always at a fourth-year level. Prospective students should contact the School of Mathematical and Computational Sciences for a more detailed description of any particular year's offering. Three lecture hours per week. Restriction: Student must have permission of the instructor.",)
Q 209: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-2210 ? 
('INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS I The main objective of this course is to introduce the basic concepts of descriptive statistics, statistical inference, and the use of statistical software such as MINITAB to students in any discipline. More time is spent on statistical inference than on descriptive statistics. Topics include frequency distributions, descriptive statistics, rules of probability, discrete and continuous probability distributions, random sampling and sampling distributions, confidence intervals, one- and two-tail tests of hypotheses, and correlation and linear regression. NOTE: Credit will not be allowed for Statistics 2210 if a student has received credit for any of the following courses: Business 2510, Education 4810, Psychology 2710 and Sociology 3320. Prerequisite: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 210: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-2220 ? 
('INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS II The course builds upon the knowledge developed in Introductory Statistics I and introduces students to statistical techniques commonly used in research. Topics include linear regression and multiple linear regression, residual analysis, simple ANOVA models, categorical data analysis, simple sampling models, and common distributions (including binomial, Poisson, and exponential). Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 211: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-3210 ? 
('PROBABILITY AND MATHEMATICAL STATISTICS I This course is an introduction to the theoretical basis of statistics for students who have completed Introductory Statistics. The study concentrates on the mathematical tools required to develop statistical methodology. Topics covered include: probability, continuous and discrete random variables, moment generating functions, multivariate probability distributions and functions of random variables. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 212: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-3220 ? 
('PROBABILITY AND MATHEMATICAL STATISTICS II This course builds on the mathematical foundation developed in Statistics 3210 and introduces the student to the theory of statistical inference. Topics covered include: sampling distributions and central limit theory, methods of estimation, hypothesis testing, least squares estimation of linear models, and an introduction to Bayesian inference. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 213: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-3240 ? 
('APPLIED REGRESSION ANALYSIS This course builds upon the basis of inference studied in Statistics 2210 and provides students with an advanced knowledge of regression techniques. Topics covered are simple and multiple linear regression techniques, matrix notation, the design matrix, model building techniques, residual analysis, and non-linear regression. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 214: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-4110 ? 
('STATISTICAL SIMULATION This course introduces statistical simulation, and its use as a tool to investigate stochastic phenomena and statistical methods.  Topics include the building and validation of stochastic simulation models useful in computing, operations research, engineering and science; related design and estimation problems; variance reduction; and the implementation and the analysis of the results. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 215: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-4240 ? 
('EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN This course builds upon the basis of inference studied in Statistics 2210 and Statistics 3240 to include statistical techniques commonly used in experimental studies. Students will study topics such as analysis of variance models, hypothesis testing in ANOVA models, randomization, and blocking techniques. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 216: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-4280 ? 
('GENERALIZED LINEAR MODELS This course covers the basic theory, methodology and applications of generalized linear models.  Topics include logistic regression, probit regression, binomial regression, Poisson regression, overdispersion, quasi-likelihood, and the exponential family. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 217: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-4330 ? 
('TIME SERIES I This course is an introduction to Time Series methods, including: stationary models, trends and seasonality, stochastic Time Series models, autoregressive and moving average processes and an introduction to Time Series forecasting. ARIMA models. Seasonal Time Series and Spectral Analysis are also covered. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 218: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-4340 ? 
('TIME SERIES II This course includes topics from Time Series Econometrics, including Maximum Likelihood and Least Squares Estimation of ARIMA Models and GARCH Models, Wavelets and Financial Models. Non-stationary Time Series, multivariate Time Series and panel cointegration analysis are also covered. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 219: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-4410 ? 
('STOCHASTIC PROCESSES This course is an introduction to the branch of probability theory that deals with the analysis of systems that evolve over time. Topics include random walks, Markov chains, Poisson processes, continuous time Markov chains, birth and death processes, exponential models, and applications of Markov chains. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 220: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-4550 ? 
('DATA ANALYSIS AND INFERENCE This course is an introduction to data analysis with a focus on regression. Topics include: initial examination of data, correlation, and simple and multiple regression models using least squares. Inference for regression parameters, confidence and prediction intervals, diagnostics and remedial measures interactions and dummy variables, variable selection, least squares estimation and inference for non-linear regression will also be discussed. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 221: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-4660 ? 
('DATA VISUALIZATION AND MINING This course introduces students to the statistical methods involved in visualization of high dimensional data, including interactive methods directed at exploration and assessment of structure and dependencies in data.  Topics include methods for finding groups in data including cluster analysis, dimension reduction methods including multi-dimensional scaling, pattern recognition, and smoothing techniques. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 222: what is the CRS_DESC of STAT-474 ? 
None
Q 223: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-2160 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 224: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-2400 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 225: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-2410 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 226: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-2510 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 227: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-2860 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 228: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-2940 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 229: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-3160 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 230: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-3310 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 231: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-3410 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 232: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-3510 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 233: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-3730 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 234: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-3770 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 235: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-3910 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 236: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-4080 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 237: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-4090 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 238: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-4540 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 239: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-4550 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 240: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-4580 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 241: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-4680 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 242: what is the SUBJECT of AMS-4780 ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 243: what is the SUBJECT of CS-1410 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 244: what is the SUBJECT of CS-1610 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 245: what is the SUBJECT of CS-1910 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 246: what is the SUBJECT of CS-1920 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 247: what is the SUBJECT of CS-2060 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 248: what is the SUBJECT of CS-2120 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 249: what is the SUBJECT of CS-2130 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 250: what is the SUBJECT of CS-2520 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 251: what is the SUBJECT of CS-2620 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 252: what is the SUBJECT of CS-2710 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 253: what is the SUBJECT of CS-2820 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 254: what is the SUBJECT of CS-3110 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 255: what is the SUBJECT of CS-3210 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 256: what is the SUBJECT of CS-3220 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 257: what is the SUBJECT of CS-3420 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 258: what is the SUBJECT of CS-3520 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 259: what is the SUBJECT of CS-3610 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 260: what is the SUBJECT of CS-3620 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 261: what is the SUBJECT of CS-3710 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 262: what is the SUBJECT of CS-3840 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 263: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4060 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 264: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4110 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 265: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4120 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 266: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4350 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 267: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4360 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 268: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4440 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 269: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4610 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 270: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4650 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 271: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4720 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 272: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4810 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 273: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4820 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 274: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4830 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 275: what is the SUBJECT of CS-4840 ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 276: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-1010 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 277: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-1110 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 278: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-1120 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 279: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-1910 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 280: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-1920 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 281: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-2420 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 282: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-2610 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 283: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-2620 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 284: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-2720 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 285: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-2810 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 286: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-2910 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 287: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-3010 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 288: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-3310 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 289: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-3420 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 290: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-3430 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 291: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-3510 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 292: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-3610 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 293: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-3710 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 294: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-4020 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 295: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-4520 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 296: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-4530 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 297: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-4620 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 298: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-4710 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 299: what is the SUBJECT of MATH-4720 ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 300: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-2010 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 301: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-2020 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 302: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-2030 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 303: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-2040 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 304: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-2050 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 305: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-2850 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 306: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-3050 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 307: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-3320 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 308: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-3500 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 309: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-3840 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 310: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-3850 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 311: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-3920 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 312: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-3950 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 313: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-4210 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 314: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-4420 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 315: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-4850 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 316: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-4860 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 317: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-4900 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 318: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-4910 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 319: what is the SUBJECT of MCS-4950 ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 320: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-2210 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 321: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-2220 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 322: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-3210 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 323: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-3220 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 324: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-3240 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 325: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-4110 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 326: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-4240 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 327: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-4280 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 328: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-4330 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 329: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-4340 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 330: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-4410 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 331: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-4550 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 332: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-4660 ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 333: what is the SUBJECT of STAT-474 ? 
None
Q 334: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-2160 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 335: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-2400 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 336: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-2410 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 337: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-2510 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 338: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-2860 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 339: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-2940 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 340: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-3160 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 341: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-3310 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 342: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-3410 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 343: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-3510 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 344: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-3730 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 345: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-3770 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 346: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-3910 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 347: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-4080 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 348: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-4090 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 349: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-4540 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 350: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-4550 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 351: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-4580 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 352: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-4680 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 353: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of AMS-4780 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 354: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-1410 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 355: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-1610 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 356: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-1910 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 357: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-1920 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 358: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-2060 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 359: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-2120 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 360: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-2130 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 361: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-2520 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 362: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-2620 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 363: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-2710 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 364: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-2820 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 365: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-3110 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 366: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-3210 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 367: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-3220 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 368: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-3420 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 369: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-3520 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 370: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-3610 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 371: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-3620 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 372: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-3710 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 373: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-3840 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 374: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4060 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 375: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4110 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 376: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4120 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 377: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4350 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 378: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4360 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 379: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4440 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 380: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4610 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 381: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4650 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 382: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4720 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 383: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4810 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 384: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4820 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 385: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4830 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 386: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of CS-4840 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 387: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-1010 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 388: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-1110 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 389: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-1120 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 390: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-1910 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 391: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-1920 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 392: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-2420 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 393: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-2610 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 394: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-2620 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 395: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-2720 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 396: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-2810 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 397: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-2910 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 398: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-3010 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 399: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-3310 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 400: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-3420 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 401: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-3430 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 402: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-3510 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 403: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-3610 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 404: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-3710 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 405: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-4020 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 406: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-4520 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 407: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-4530 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 408: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-4620 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 409: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-4710 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 410: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MATH-4720 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 411: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-2010 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 412: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-2020 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 413: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-2030 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 414: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-2040 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 415: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-2050 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 416: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-2850 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 417: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-3050 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 418: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-3320 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 419: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-3500 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 420: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-3840 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 421: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-3850 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 422: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-3920 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 423: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-3950 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 424: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-4210 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 425: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-4420 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 426: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-4850 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 427: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-4860 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 428: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-4900 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 429: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-4910 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 430: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of MCS-4950 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 431: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-2210 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 432: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-2220 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 433: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-3210 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 434: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-3220 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 435: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-3240 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 436: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-4110 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 437: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-4240 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 438: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-4280 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 439: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-4330 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 440: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-4340 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 441: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-4410 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 442: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-4550 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 443: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-4660 ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 444: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of STAT-474 ? 
None
Q 445: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-2160 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 446: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-2400 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 447: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-2410 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 448: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-2510 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 449: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-2860 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 450: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-2940 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 451: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-3160 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 452: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-3310 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 453: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-3410 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 454: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-3510 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 455: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-3730 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 456: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-3770 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 457: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-3910 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 458: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-4080 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 459: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-4090 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 460: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-4540 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 461: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-4550 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 462: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-4580 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 463: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-4680 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 464: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of AMS-4780 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 465: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-1410 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 466: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-1610 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 467: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-1910 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 468: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-1920 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 469: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-2060 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 470: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-2120 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 471: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-2130 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 472: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-2520 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 473: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-2620 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 474: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-2710 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 475: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-2820 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 476: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-3110 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 477: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-3210 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 478: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-3220 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 479: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-3420 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 480: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-3520 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 481: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-3610 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 482: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-3620 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 483: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-3710 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 484: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-3840 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 485: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4060 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 486: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4110 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 487: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4120 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 488: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4350 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 489: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4360 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 490: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4440 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 491: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4610 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 492: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4650 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 493: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4720 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 494: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4810 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 495: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4820 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 496: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4830 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 497: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of CS-4840 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 498: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-1010 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 499: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-1110 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 500: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-1120 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 501: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-1910 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 502: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-1920 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 503: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-2420 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 504: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-2610 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 505: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-2620 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 506: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-2720 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 507: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-2810 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 508: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-2910 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 509: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-3010 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 510: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-3310 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 511: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-3420 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 512: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-3430 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 513: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-3510 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 514: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-3610 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 515: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-3710 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 516: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-4020 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 517: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-4520 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 518: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-4530 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 519: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-4620 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 520: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-4710 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 521: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MATH-4720 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 522: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-2010 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 523: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-2020 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 524: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-2030 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 525: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-2040 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 526: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-2050 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 527: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-2850 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 528: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-3050 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 529: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-3320 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 530: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-3500 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 531: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-3840 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 532: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-3850 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 533: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-3920 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 534: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-3950 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 535: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-4210 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 536: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-4420 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 537: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-4850 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 538: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-4860 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 539: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-4900 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 540: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-4910 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 541: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of MCS-4950 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 542: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-2210 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 543: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-2220 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 544: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-3210 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 545: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-3220 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 546: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-3240 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 547: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-4110 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 548: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-4240 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 549: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-4280 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 550: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-4330 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 551: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-4340 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 552: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-4410 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 553: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-4550 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 554: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-4660 ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 555: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of STAT-474 ? 
None
Q 556: what is the CREDITS of AMS-2160 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 557: what is the CREDITS of AMS-2400 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 558: what is the CREDITS of AMS-2410 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 559: what is the CREDITS of AMS-2510 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 560: what is the CREDITS of AMS-2860 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 561: what is the CREDITS of AMS-2940 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 562: what is the CREDITS of AMS-3160 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 563: what is the CREDITS of AMS-3310 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 564: what is the CREDITS of AMS-3410 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 565: what is the CREDITS of AMS-3510 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 566: what is the CREDITS of AMS-3730 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 567: what is the CREDITS of AMS-3770 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 568: what is the CREDITS of AMS-3910 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 569: what is the CREDITS of AMS-4080 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 570: what is the CREDITS of AMS-4090 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 571: what is the CREDITS of AMS-4540 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 572: what is the CREDITS of AMS-4550 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 573: what is the CREDITS of AMS-4580 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 574: what is the CREDITS of AMS-4680 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 575: what is the CREDITS of AMS-4780 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 576: what is the CREDITS of CS-1410 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 577: what is the CREDITS of CS-1610 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 578: what is the CREDITS of CS-1910 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 579: what is the CREDITS of CS-1920 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 580: what is the CREDITS of CS-2060 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 581: what is the CREDITS of CS-2120 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 582: what is the CREDITS of CS-2130 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 583: what is the CREDITS of CS-2520 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 584: what is the CREDITS of CS-2620 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 585: what is the CREDITS of CS-2710 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 586: what is the CREDITS of CS-2820 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 587: what is the CREDITS of CS-3110 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 588: what is the CREDITS of CS-3210 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 589: what is the CREDITS of CS-3220 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 590: what is the CREDITS of CS-3420 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 591: what is the CREDITS of CS-3520 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 592: what is the CREDITS of CS-3610 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 593: what is the CREDITS of CS-3620 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 594: what is the CREDITS of CS-3710 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 595: what is the CREDITS of CS-3840 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 596: what is the CREDITS of CS-4060 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 597: what is the CREDITS of CS-4110 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 598: what is the CREDITS of CS-4120 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 599: what is the CREDITS of CS-4350 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 600: what is the CREDITS of CS-4360 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 601: what is the CREDITS of CS-4440 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 602: what is the CREDITS of CS-4610 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 603: what is the CREDITS of CS-4650 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 604: what is the CREDITS of CS-4720 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 605: what is the CREDITS of CS-4810 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 606: what is the CREDITS of CS-4820 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 607: what is the CREDITS of CS-4830 ? 
(6.0,)
Q 608: what is the CREDITS of CS-4840 ? 
(6.0,)
Q 609: what is the CREDITS of MATH-1010 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 610: what is the CREDITS of MATH-1110 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 611: what is the CREDITS of MATH-1120 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 612: what is the CREDITS of MATH-1910 ? 
(4.0,)
Q 613: what is the CREDITS of MATH-1920 ? 
(4.0,)
Q 614: what is the CREDITS of MATH-2420 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 615: what is the CREDITS of MATH-2610 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 616: what is the CREDITS of MATH-2620 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 617: what is the CREDITS of MATH-2720 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 618: what is the CREDITS of MATH-2810 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 619: what is the CREDITS of MATH-2910 ? 
(4.0,)
Q 620: what is the CREDITS of MATH-3010 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 621: what is the CREDITS of MATH-3310 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 622: what is the CREDITS of MATH-3420 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 623: what is the CREDITS of MATH-3430 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 624: what is the CREDITS of MATH-3510 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 625: what is the CREDITS of MATH-3610 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 626: what is the CREDITS of MATH-3710 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 627: what is the CREDITS of MATH-4020 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 628: what is the CREDITS of MATH-4520 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 629: what is the CREDITS of MATH-4530 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 630: what is the CREDITS of MATH-4620 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 631: what is the CREDITS of MATH-4710 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 632: what is the CREDITS of MATH-4720 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 633: what is the CREDITS of MCS-2010 ? 
(1.0,)
Q 634: what is the CREDITS of MCS-2020 ? 
(1.0,)
Q 635: what is the CREDITS of MCS-2030 ? 
(1.0,)
Q 636: what is the CREDITS of MCS-2040 ? 
(1.0,)
Q 637: what is the CREDITS of MCS-2050 ? 
(1.0,)
Q 638: what is the CREDITS of MCS-2850 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 639: what is the CREDITS of MCS-3050 ? 
(1.0,)
Q 640: what is the CREDITS of MCS-3320 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 641: what is the CREDITS of MCS-3500 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 642: what is the CREDITS of MCS-3840 ? 
(0.0,)
Q 643: what is the CREDITS of MCS-3850 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 644: what is the CREDITS of MCS-3920 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 645: what is the CREDITS of MCS-3950 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 646: what is the CREDITS of MCS-4210 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 647: what is the CREDITS of MCS-4420 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 648: what is the CREDITS of MCS-4850 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 649: what is the CREDITS of MCS-4860 ? 
(0.0,)
Q 650: what is the CREDITS of MCS-4900 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 651: what is the CREDITS of MCS-4910 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 652: what is the CREDITS of MCS-4950 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 653: what is the CREDITS of STAT-2210 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 654: what is the CREDITS of STAT-2220 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 655: what is the CREDITS of STAT-3210 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 656: what is the CREDITS of STAT-3220 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 657: what is the CREDITS of STAT-3240 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 658: what is the CREDITS of STAT-4110 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 659: what is the CREDITS of STAT-4240 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 660: what is the CREDITS of STAT-4280 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 661: what is the CREDITS of STAT-4330 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 662: what is the CREDITS of STAT-4340 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 663: what is the CREDITS of STAT-4410 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 664: what is the CREDITS of STAT-4550 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 665: what is the CREDITS of STAT-4660 ? 
(3.0,)
Q 666: what is the CREDITS of STAT-474 ? 
None
Q 667: what is the PREREQ of AMS-2160 ? 
('Math 1910',)
Q 668: what is the PREREQ of AMS-2400 ? 
('AMS 2160; AMS 2400L',)
Q 669: what is the PREREQ of AMS-2410 ? 
('AMS 2400; AMS 2410 Lab',)
Q 670: what is the PREREQ of AMS-2510 ? 
('AMS 2400 and STAT 3210; AMS-2510L',)
Q 671: what is the PREREQ of AMS-2860 ? 
('AMS 2160',)
Q 672: what is the PREREQ of AMS-2940 ? 
('MATH 2610',)
Q 673: what is the PREREQ of AMS-3160 ? 
(' Math 1920, Math 2420 and Statistics 2220',)
Q 674: what is the PREREQ of AMS-3310 ? 
('AMS 2400 and BUS 2310',)
Q 675: what is the PREREQ of AMS-3410 ? 
('AMS 2410; AMS 3410L',)
Q 676: what is the PREREQ of AMS-3510 ? 
('AMS 2510 and STAT 3220; AMS-3510L',)
Q 677: what is the PREREQ of AMS-3730 ? 
('AMS 3510',)
Q 678: what is the PREREQ of AMS-3770 ? 
('MATH 2420 and AMS 2940',)
Q 679: what is the PREREQ of AMS-3910 ? 
('MATH 2610 and MATH 3010; A statistics course',)
Q 680: what is the PREREQ of AMS-4080 ? 
('MATH 2610 and AMS 3410',)
Q 681: what is the PREREQ of AMS-4090 ? 
('AMS 4080 and STAT 3220',)
Q 682: what is the PREREQ of AMS-4540 ? 
('AMS 3510 and STAT 3220',)
Q 683: what is the PREREQ of AMS-4550 ? 
('AMS 4540',)
Q 684: what is the PREREQ of AMS-4580 ? 
('AMS 3510 and STAT 3220',)
Q 685: what is the PREREQ of AMS-4680 ? 
('MATH 2910 and AMS 2940',)
Q 686: what is the PREREQ of AMS-4780 ? 
('AMS 3310',)
Q 687: what is the PREREQ of CS-1410 ? 
('Computer Science 1410L',)
Q 688: what is the PREREQ of CS-1610 ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or 1920 or Engineering 1310 or 1320, and three semester hours of Mathematics, or permission of the instructor (based on completion of CS 1510 with first class standing); Computer Science 1610L',)
Q 689: what is the PREREQ of CS-1910 ? 
('Computer Science 1910L',)
Q 690: what is the PREREQ of CS-1920 ? 
('Computer Science 1910;; Computer Science 1920L;',)
Q 691: what is the PREREQ of CS-2060 ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or Computer Science 1920',)
Q 692: what is the PREREQ of CS-2120 ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or Computer Science 1920',)
Q 693: what is the PREREQ of CS-2130 ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or 1920',)
Q 694: what is the PREREQ of CS-2520 ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or Computer Science 1920',)
Q 695: what is the PREREQ of CS-2620 ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 696: what is the PREREQ of CS-2710 ? 
('Computer Science 1210 or Computer Science 1410 or Computer Science 1510 or Engineering 1310 or CS-1910',)
Q 697: what is the PREREQ of CS-2820 ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or Computer Science 1920 permission of the instructor (based on completion of CS 1510 with first class standing)',)
Q 698: what is the PREREQ of CS-3110 ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 699: what is the PREREQ of CS-3210 ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or 1920',)
Q 700: what is the PREREQ of CS-3220 ? 
('Computer Science 2610 or Biology 2230 or permission of instructor. If taken as VPM 8850 or HB 8850 - Admission to the graduate program and permission of the instructor.; Computer Science 3220L',)
Q 701: what is the PREREQ of CS-3420 ? 
('Computer Science 2520 and Computer Science 2820',)
Q 702: what is the PREREQ of CS-3520 ? 
('Computer Science 2520, Computer Science 2610, and Computer Science 2820',)
Q 703: what is the PREREQ of CS-3610 ? 
('Computer Science 2610 and Math 2420',)
Q 704: what is the PREREQ of CS-3620 ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 705: what is the PREREQ of CS-3710 ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 706: what is the PREREQ of CS-3840 ? 
('Computer Science 2520, Computer Science 2620, and Computer Science 2820',)
Q 707: what is the PREREQ of CS-4060 ? 
('Computer Science 2060',)
Q 708: what is the PREREQ of CS-4110 ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 709: what is the PREREQ of CS-4120 ? 
('Computer Science 3710 and Statistics 2210',)
Q 710: what is the PREREQ of CS-4350 ? 
('Computer Science 2620 and Math 2610',)
Q 711: what is the PREREQ of CS-4360 ? 
('Computer Science 4350',)
Q 712: what is the PREREQ of CS-4440 ? 
('Computer Science 3710 and Statistics 2210',)
Q 713: what is the PREREQ of CS-4610 ? 
('Computer Science 2520 and Computer Science 2610',)
Q 714: what is the PREREQ of CS-4650 ? 
('Computer Science 4350; Computer Science 4360',)
Q 715: what is the PREREQ of CS-4720 ? 
('MCS 3320',)
Q 716: what is the PREREQ of CS-4810 ? 
(None,)
Q 717: what is the PREREQ of CS-4820 ? 
('Computer Science 4810 (May be taken concurrently in exceptional circumstances)',)
Q 718: what is the PREREQ of CS-4830 ? 
('Computer Science 3110, Computer Science 4810 and enrolment in the Computer Science with Video Game Programming major.',)
Q 719: what is the PREREQ of CS-4840 ? 
('Computer Science 3840 and permission of the instructor',)
Q 720: what is the PREREQ of MATH-1010 ? 
(None,)
Q 721: what is the PREREQ of MATH-1110 ? 
(None,)
Q 722: what is the PREREQ of MATH-1120 ? 
(None,)
Q 723: what is the PREREQ of MATH-1910 ? 
('Math-1910T',)
Q 724: what is the PREREQ of MATH-1920 ? 
('Math 1910; Math-1920T',)
Q 725: what is the PREREQ of MATH-2420 ? 
('Math 1920',)
Q 726: what is the PREREQ of MATH-2610 ? 
(None,)
Q 727: what is the PREREQ of MATH-2620 ? 
('Math 1910 and Math 2610',)
Q 728: what is the PREREQ of MATH-2720 ? 
(None,)
Q 729: what is the PREREQ of MATH-2810 ? 
('Six credit hours of First Year Mathematics',)
Q 730: what is the PREREQ of MATH-2910 ? 
('Math 1920',)
Q 731: what is the PREREQ of MATH-3010 ? 
('Math 1920',)
Q 732: what is the PREREQ of MATH-3310 ? 
('Math 2910',)
Q 733: what is the PREREQ of MATH-3420 ? 
('Six credit hours of Mathematics at the 2000 level or higher',)
Q 734: what is the PREREQ of MATH-3430 ? 
('Math 2420',)
Q 735: what is the PREREQ of MATH-3510 ? 
('Math 1920 and Math 2720',)
Q 736: what is the PREREQ of MATH-3610 ? 
('Math 2720',)
Q 737: what is the PREREQ of MATH-3710 ? 
('Math 2420 or Math 2720',)
Q 738: what is the PREREQ of MATH-4020 ? 
('Math 3510',)
Q 739: what is the PREREQ of MATH-4520 ? 
('Math 3510',)
Q 740: what is the PREREQ of MATH-4530 ? 
('Math 2620 and Math 3510',)
Q 741: what is the PREREQ of MATH-4620 ? 
('Math 3610',)
Q 742: what is the PREREQ of MATH-4710 ? 
('Math 2910 and Math 3010',)
Q 743: what is the PREREQ of MATH-4720 ? 
('Math 2610, Math 2910, and Math 3010',)
Q 744: what is the PREREQ of MCS-2010 ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and Math 1920',)
Q 745: what is the PREREQ of MCS-2020 ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and Math 2610',)
Q 746: what is the PREREQ of MCS-2030 ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and Statistics 2220',)
Q 747: what is the PREREQ of MCS-2040 ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and AMS 2400',)
Q 748: what is the PREREQ of MCS-2050 ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and AMS 2510',)
Q 749: what is the PREREQ of MCS-2850 ? 
('MCS 2840 or permission of the Academic Director of Co-operative Education.',)
Q 750: what is the PREREQ of MCS-3050 ? 
('At least 36 credit hours completed in courses in the School of Mathematical and Computational Sciences',)
Q 751: what is the PREREQ of MCS-3320 ? 
('Computer Science 2610 and Math 2420',)
Q 752: what is the PREREQ of MCS-3500 ? 
('Math 2620',)
Q 753: what is the PREREQ of MCS-3840 ? 
('MCS 2850',)
Q 754: what is the PREREQ of MCS-3850 ? 
('MCS 3840 or permission of the Academic Director of Co-operative Education.',)
Q 755: what is the PREREQ of MCS-3920 ? 
('Math 3010 and Computer Science 1510 or equivalent',)
Q 756: what is the PREREQ of MCS-3950 ? 
(None,)
Q 757: what is the PREREQ of MCS-4210 ? 
('At least 36 credit hours completed in the School of Mathematical and Computational Sciences',)
Q 758: what is the PREREQ of MCS-4420 ? 
('Math 3420',)
Q 759: what is the PREREQ of MCS-4850 ? 
('MCS 4840 or permission of the Academic Director of Co-operative Education.',)
Q 760: what is the PREREQ of MCS-4860 ? 
('MCS 4850',)
Q 761: what is the PREREQ of MCS-4900 ? 
(None,)
Q 762: what is the PREREQ of MCS-4910 ? 
(None,)
Q 763: what is the PREREQ of MCS-4950 ? 
(None,)
Q 764: what is the PREREQ of STAT-2210 ? 
(None,)
Q 765: what is the PREREQ of STAT-2220 ? 
('Statistics 2210 ',)
Q 766: what is the PREREQ of STAT-3210 ? 
('Math 2910 and Stat 2220 or permission of the instructor',)
Q 767: what is the PREREQ of STAT-3220 ? 
('Statistics 3210',)
Q 768: what is the PREREQ of STAT-3240 ? 
('Statistics 2210 and Math 2610',)
Q 769: what is the PREREQ of STAT-4110 ? 
('Statistics 3220',)
Q 770: what is the PREREQ of STAT-4240 ? 
('Statistics 3240',)
Q 771: what is the PREREQ of STAT-4280 ? 
('Statistics 3220 and Statistics 3240',)
Q 772: what is the PREREQ of STAT-4330 ? 
('Statistics 3240',)
Q 773: what is the PREREQ of STAT-4340 ? 
('Statistics 4330',)
Q 774: what is the PREREQ of STAT-4410 ? 
('Statistics 3220',)
Q 775: what is the PREREQ of STAT-4550 ? 
('Statistics 3240',)
Q 776: what is the PREREQ of STAT-4660 ? 
('Math 2620, Math 2910, and Statistics 3210',)
Q 777: what is the PREREQ of STAT-474 ? 
None
Q 778: what is the CRS_NAME of  Actuarial Mathematics Lab I ? 
('AMS-2860',)
Q 779: what is the CRS_NAME of  Actuarial Science I ? 
('AMS-2510',)
Q 780: what is the CRS_NAME of  Actuarial Science II  ? 
('AMS-3510',)
Q 781: what is the CRS_NAME of  Adv. Insurance and Actuarial Practices  ? 
('AMS-3730',)
Q 782: what is the CRS_NAME of  Advanced Computer Graphics Programming  ? 
('CS-4360',)
Q 783: what is the CRS_NAME of  Advanced Corporate Finance for Actuaries  ? 
('AMS-3310',)
Q 784: what is the CRS_NAME of  Advanced Topics in MCS  ? 
('MCS-4950',)
Q 785: what is the CRS_NAME of  Analysis and Design of Algorithms ? 
('CS-3610',)
Q 786: what is the CRS_NAME of  Applied Regression Analysis ? 
('STAT-3240',)
Q 787: what is the CRS_NAME of  Artificial Intelligence/Automated Reason  ? 
('CS-4110',)
Q 788: what is the CRS_NAME of  Calc for Mangerial, Social, Life Science  ? 
('MATH-1120',)
Q 789: what is the CRS_NAME of  Cloud Computing ? 
('CS-4060',)
Q 790: what is the CRS_NAME of  Co-op Career Skills II  ? 
('BUS-3920',)
Q 791: what is the CRS_NAME of  Co-op Work Term I ? 
('BUS-2930',)
Q 792: what is the CRS_NAME of  Co-op Work Term II  ? 
('BUS-3930',)
Q 793: what is the CRS_NAME of  Co-op Work Term III ? 
('BUS-4930',)
Q 794: what is the CRS_NAME of  Co-op Work Term IV  ? 
('BUS-5930',)
Q 795: what is the CRS_NAME of  Combinatorial Optimization  ? 
('AMS-3770',)
Q 796: what is the CRS_NAME of  Combinatorics I ? 
('MATH-2420',)
Q 797: what is the CRS_NAME of  Combinatorics II  ? 
('MATH-3430',)
Q 798: what is the CRS_NAME of  Comparative Programming Languages ? 
('CS-2620',)
Q 799: what is the CRS_NAME of  Compiler Design ? 
('CS-4720',)
Q 800: what is the CRS_NAME of  Complex Variables ? 
('MATH-3310',)
Q 801: what is the CRS_NAME of  Computer Communications ? 
('CS-3420',)
Q 802: what is the CRS_NAME of  Computer Graphics Programming ? 
('CS-4350',)
Q 803: what is the CRS_NAME of  Computer Organization and Architecture  ? 
('CS-2520',)
Q 804: what is the CRS_NAME of  Computer Science I  ? 
('CS-1910',)
Q 805: what is the CRS_NAME of  Computer Science II ? 
('CS-1920',)
Q 806: what is the CRS_NAME of  Credibility Theory  ? 
('AMS-4580',)
Q 807: what is the CRS_NAME of  Cryptography and Codes  ? 
('MCS-4420',)
Q 808: what is the CRS_NAME of  Data Analysis and Inference ? 
('STAT-4550',)
Q 809: what is the CRS_NAME of  Data Science  ? 
('CS-4440',)
Q 810: what is the CRS_NAME of  Data Visualization and Mining ? 
('STAT-4660',)
Q 811: what is the CRS_NAME of  Database Systems  ? 
('CS-3710',)
Q 812: what is the CRS_NAME of  Differential Equations  ? 
('MATH-3010',)
Q 813: what is the CRS_NAME of  Digital Systems ? 
('CS-1610',)
Q 814: what is the CRS_NAME of  Directed Studies  ? 
('ACAD-4910',)
Q 815: what is the CRS_NAME of  Dynamical Systems ? 
('MATH-4720',)
Q 816: what is the CRS_NAME of  Elements of Mathematics ? 
('MATH-1010',)
Q 817: what is the CRS_NAME of  Experimental Design ? 
('STAT-4240',)
Q 818: what is the CRS_NAME of  Financial Economics I ? 
('AMS-2410',)
Q 819: what is the CRS_NAME of  Financial Economics II  ? 
('AMS-3410',)
Q 820: what is the CRS_NAME of  Financial Mathematics and Investments ? 
('AMS-2400',)
Q 821: what is the CRS_NAME of  Financial Mathematics II  ? 
('AMS-4080',)
Q 822: what is the CRS_NAME of  Financial Mathematics III ? 
('AMS-4090',)
Q 823: what is the CRS_NAME of  Finite Mathematics  ? 
('MATH-1110',)
Q 824: what is the CRS_NAME of  Foundations of Geometry ? 
('MATH-2810',)
Q 825: what is the CRS_NAME of  Functional Analysis ? 
('MATH-4530',)
Q 826: what is the CRS_NAME of  Game Theory ? 
('AMS-3160',)
Q 827: what is the CRS_NAME of  Generalized Linear Models ? 
('STAT-4280',)
Q 828: what is the CRS_NAME of  GGY Axis Technology Lab ? 
('MCS-2050',)
Q 829: what is the CRS_NAME of  Graph Theory  ? 
('MATH-3710',)
Q 830: what is the CRS_NAME of  Group Theory  ? 
('MATH-3610',)
Q 831: what is the CRS_NAME of  Honours Project ? 
('MCS-4900',)
Q 832: what is the CRS_NAME of  Human-Computer Interface Design ? 
('CS-3210',)
Q 833: what is the CRS_NAME of  Introduction to Bioinformatics  ? 
('CS-3220',)
Q 834: what is the CRS_NAME of  Introduction to Computer Programming Sci  ? 
('CS-1410',)
Q 835: what is the CRS_NAME of  Introductory Statistics I ? 
('STAT-2210',)
Q 836: what is the CRS_NAME of  Introductory Statistics II  ? 
('STAT-2220',)
Q 837: what is the CRS_NAME of  Linear Algebra I  ? 
('MATH-2610',)
Q 838: what is the CRS_NAME of  Linear Algebra II ? 
('MATH-2620',)
Q 839: what is the CRS_NAME of  Loss Models I ? 
('AMS-4540',)
Q 840: what is the CRS_NAME of  Loss Models II  ? 
('AMS-4550',)
Q 841: what is the CRS_NAME of  Machine Learning and Data Mining  ? 
('CS-4120',)
Q 842: what is the CRS_NAME of  Maple Technology Lab  ? 
('MCS-2010',)
Q 843: what is the CRS_NAME of  Mathematical Modelling  ? 
('AMS-3910',)
Q 844: what is the CRS_NAME of  Mathematical Reasoning  ? 
('MATH-2720',)
Q 845: what is the CRS_NAME of  Mathematics of Finance  ? 
('AMS-2160',)
Q 846: what is the CRS_NAME of  Matlab Technology Lab ? 
('MCS-2020',)
Q 847: what is the CRS_NAME of  Measure Theory and Integration  ? 
('MATH-4520',)
Q 848: what is the CRS_NAME of  Mobile Device Development - Android ? 
('CS-2130',)
Q 849: what is the CRS_NAME of  Mobile Device Development - iOS ? 
('CS-2120',)
Q 850: what is the CRS_NAME of  Multivariable and Vector Calculus ? 
('MATH-2910',)
Q 851: what is the CRS_NAME of  Multivariate Analysis ? 
('STAT-4740',)
Q 852: what is the CRS_NAME of  Nonlinear Optimization  ? 
('AMS-4680',)
Q 853: what is the CRS_NAME of  Number Theory ? 
('MATH-3420',)
Q 854: what is the CRS_NAME of  Numerical Analysis  ? 
('MCS-3920',)
Q 855: what is the CRS_NAME of  Operating Systems ? 
('CS-3520',)
Q 856: what is the CRS_NAME of  Optimization  ? 
('AMS-2940',)
Q 857: what is the CRS_NAME of  Partial Differential Equations  ? 
('MATH-4710',)
Q 858: what is the CRS_NAME of  Point-Set Topology  ? 
('MATH-4020',)
Q 859: what is the CRS_NAME of  Practical Embedded Systems  ? 
('CS-2710',)
Q 860: what is the CRS_NAME of  Probability and Math Statistics I ? 
('STAT-3210',)
Q 861: what is the CRS_NAME of  Probability and Math Statistics II  ? 
('STAT-3220',)
Q 862: what is the CRS_NAME of  Professional Communication and Practice ? 
('MCS-4210',)
Q 863: what is the CRS_NAME of  Programming Practices ? 
('CS-2820',)
Q 864: what is the CRS_NAME of  Prototype Systems Development ? 
('CS-4840',)
Q 865: what is the CRS_NAME of  Quantitative Risk Management  ? 
('AMS-4780',)
Q 866: what is the CRS_NAME of  Quantum Information ? 
('MCS-3500',)
Q 867: what is the CRS_NAME of  R Technology Lab  ? 
('MCS-2030',)
Q 868: what is the CRS_NAME of  Real Analysis ? 
('MATH-3510',)
Q 869: what is the CRS_NAME of  Ring and Field Theory ? 
('MATH-4620',)
Q 870: what is the CRS_NAME of  Single Variable Calculus I  ? 
('MATH-1910',)
Q 871: what is the CRS_NAME of  Single Variable Calculus II ? 
('MATH-1920',)
Q 872: what is the CRS_NAME of  Software Design and Architecture  ? 
('CS-3620',)
Q 873: what is the CRS_NAME of  Software Engineering  ? 
('CS-4810',)
Q 874: what is the CRS_NAME of  Software System Project ? 
('CS-4820',)
Q 875: what is the CRS_NAME of  Special Topics in Mathematical and Compu  ? 
('MCS-3950',)
Q 876: what is the CRS_NAME of  Statistical Simulation  ? 
('STAT-4110',)
Q 877: what is the CRS_NAME of  Stochastic Processes  ? 
('STAT-4410',)
Q 878: what is the CRS_NAME of  Tech. Management and Entrepreneurship ? 
('CS-3840',)
Q 879: what is the CRS_NAME of  Theory of Computing ? 
('MCS-3320',)
Q 880: what is the CRS_NAME of  Time Series I ? 
('STAT-4330',)
Q 881: what is the CRS_NAME of  Time Series II  ? 
('STAT-4340',)
Q 882: what is the CRS_NAME of  Tutoring in Math. and Comput. Sciences  ? 
('MCS-3050',)
Q 883: what is the CRS_NAME of  Video Game Design ? 
('CS-3110',)
Q 884: what is the CRS_NAME of  Video Game Programming Project  ? 
('CS-4830',)
Q 885: what is the CRS_NAME of  Video-Game Architecture ? 
('CS-4650',)
Q 886: what is the CRS_NAME of  Visual Basic in Excel Technology Lab  ? 
('MCS-2040',)
Q 887: what is the CRS_NAME of  Web Development and Programming ? 
('CS-2060',)
Q 888: what is the CRS_NAME of  Wireless Sensor Network ? 
None
Q 889: what is the CRS_DESC of  Actuarial Mathematics Lab I ? 
('ACTUARIAL MATHEMATICS LAB I This lab features problem-solving sessions for the professional examination on financial mathematics of the Society of Actuaries and the Casualty Actuarial Society. Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 890: what is the CRS_DESC of  Actuarial Science I ? 
('ACTUARIAL SCIENCE I This course will explore the future lifetime random variable, probability and survival functions, force of mortality; complete and curtate expectation of life, and Makeham and Gompertz mortality laws. Other topics will include: Life tables, characteristics of population and insurance life tables, selection, and fractional age assumptions. Life insurance payments and annuity payments: Present value random variables; expected present values; higher moments; actuarial notation, annual, 1/mthly and continuous cases, relationships between insurance and annuity functions.  Premiums, expense loadings, present value of future loss random variables and distribution, net and gross cases, the equivalence principle and portfolio percentile principle will also be discussed. Three lecture hours plus a two hour lab per week.',)
Q 891: what is the CRS_DESC of  Actuarial Science II  ? 
("ACTUARIAL SCIENCE II This course will discuss: policy values, annual, 1/mthly and continuous cases, Thiele's equation, policy alterations, modified policies and multiple state models. Other topics will include applications in life contingencies, assumptions, Kolmogorov equations, premiums, policy values, multiple decrement models, Joint Life Models, Valuation of insurance benefits on joint lives, and dependent and independent cases. Three lecture hours plus a two hour lab per week.",)
Q 892: what is the CRS_DESC of  Adv. Insurance and Actuarial Practices  ? 
('ADVANCED INSURANCE AND ACTUARIAL PRACTICES This course is a study of cash flow projection methods for pricing, reserving and profit testing. Topics include: deterministic, stochastic and stress testing; pricing and risk management of embedded options in insurance products; mortality and maturity guarantees for equity-linked life insurance. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 893: what is the CRS_DESC of  Advanced Computer Graphics Programming  ? 
('ADVANCED COMPUTER GRAPHICS PROGRAMMING This course builds on the computer graphics programming concepts introduced in CS 4350. Students are given a deeper understanding of the components of the 3D graphics pipeline, and how they are used in modern graphical applications. Topics include advanced texture mapping, practical uses of vertex and pixel shaders, screen post-processing, particle systems, and graphics engine design. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 894: what is the CRS_DESC of  Advanced Corporate Finance for Actuaries  ? 
('ADVANCED CORPORATE FINANCE FOR ACTUARIES This course covers various advanced topics in corporate finance, with emphasis on theories of corporate incentives and asymmetric information. Illustrative applications using cases are provided. Topics include: capital budgeting, real options, investment decision using Markowitz and utility theory, the Capital Asset Pricing Model, Arbitrage Pricing Theory, market efficiency and capital structure and dividend policy. Other topics may include time value of money, capital budgeting, cost of capital, security issuance, capital structure, payout policy and dividends, short-term finance, and risk management. Where suitable, topics are treated from a mathematical and quantitative perspective. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 895: what is the CRS_DESC of  Advanced Topics in MCS  ? 
("ADVANCED TOPICS IN MATHEMATICAL AND COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCES This course provides students with an opportunity to pursue advanced topics in Mathematical and Computational Sciences. Content varies from year to year but is always at a fourth-year level. Prospective students should contact the School of Mathematical and Computational Sciences for a more detailed description of any particular year's offering. Three lecture hours per week. Restriction: Student must have permission of the instructor.",)
Q 896: what is the CRS_DESC of  Analysis and Design of Algorithms ? 
('ANALYSIS AND DESIGN OF ALGORITHMS This course, which introduces the study of algorithm design and measures of efficiency, is a continuation of CS 2610. Topics include algorithm complexity and analysis; techniques such as divide and conquer, greedy and dynamic programming; searching and sorting algorithms; graph algorithms; text processing; efficient algorithms for several common computer science problems and NP-completeness. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 897: what is the CRS_DESC of  Applied Regression Analysis ? 
('APPLIED REGRESSION ANALYSIS This course builds upon the basis of inference studied in Statistics 2210 and provides students with an advanced knowledge of regression techniques. Topics covered are simple and multiple linear regression techniques, matrix notation, the design matrix, model building techniques, residual analysis, and non-linear regression. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 898: what is the CRS_DESC of  Artificial Intelligence/Automated Reason  ? 
('ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND AUTOMATED REASONING This course introduces general problem-solving methods associated with automated reasoning and simulated intelligence. Topics include problem abstraction, state space heuristic search theory, pathfinding, flocking behaviour, knowledge representation, propositional logic, reasoning with uncertainty, machine learning and connectionism. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 899: what is the CRS_DESC of  Calc for Mangerial, Social, Life Science  ? 
('CALCULUS FOR THE MANAGERIAL, SOCIAL AND LIFE SCIENCES This course provides an introduction to calculus for students in the managerial, social and life sciences. The main emphasis of the course is the development of techniques of differentiation and integration of algebraic, exponential and logarithmic functions. Applications of derivatives and integrals are also discussed. NOTE: Credit will not be given jointly for this course and Math 1910 PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 900: what is the CRS_DESC of  Cloud Computing ? 
('CLOUD COMPUTING This course examines: the critical technology trends that are enabling cloud computing, the architecture and the design of existing deployments, the services and the applications they offer, and the challenges that need to be addressed to help cloud computing to reach its full potential. The format of this course will be a mix of lectures, seminar-style discussions, and student presentations. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 901: what is the CRS_DESC of  Co-op Career Skills II  ? 
("CO-OP CAREER SKILLS II This course offers career skills training to strengthen co-op students' readiness for their second work term.  This course will be graded on a pass/fail basis. Cross-listed with MCS 3840 (Mathematical and Computational Sciences 3840. 0 semester hours.",)
Q 902: what is the CRS_DESC of  Co-op Work Term I ? 
("CO-OP WORK TERM I This course is co-op students' first work term. This course will be graded on a pass/fail basis. Three semester hours of credit",)
Q 903: what is the CRS_DESC of  Co-op Work Term II  ? 
("CO-OP WORK TERM II This course is co-op students' second work term.  This course will be graded on a pass/fail basis. Three semester hours of credit",)
Q 904: what is the CRS_DESC of  Co-op Work Term III ? 
("CO-OP WORK TERM III This course is co-op students' third work term.  This course will be graded on a pass/fail basis. Three semester hours of credit.",)
Q 905: what is the CRS_DESC of  Co-op Work Term IV  ? 
('CO-OP WORK TERM IV This optional course is available to co-op students who elect to do a fourth work term. 0 semester hours',)
Q 906: what is the CRS_DESC of  Combinatorial Optimization  ? 
('COMBINATORIAL OPTIMIZATION In this course, various algorithms will be considered, including minimum spanning tree, shortest path, maximum flow, and maximum matching. The links with linear and integer programming will also be considered, with particular attention to duality. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 907: what is the CRS_DESC of  Combinatorics I ? 
('COMBINATORICS I This course offers a survey of topics in discrete mathematics that are essential for students majoring in the Mathematical and Computational Sciences. Topics include: logic, proof techniques such as mathematical induction, recursion, counting methods, and introductory graph theory. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 908: what is the CRS_DESC of  Combinatorics II  ? 
('COMBINATORICS II This course continues MATH 2420, with the examination of advanced counting techniques, binomial coefficients, and generating functions.  Other topics include relations, partial orders, and Steiner Triple systems. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 909: what is the CRS_DESC of  Comparative Programming Languages ? 
('COMPARATIVE PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES This course examines the principal features of major types of programming languages, including procedural, logical, functional and object-oriented languages. Features include parameter-passing mechanisms, control structures, scope, and binding rules. Each language type is illustrated by considering a specific language. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 910: what is the CRS_DESC of  Compiler Design ? 
('COMPILER DESIGN This is a first course in compiler design. The course covers: compilation phases, lexical analysis, parsing, scope rules, block structure, symbol tables, run-time heap and stack management, code generation, pre-processing, compiler-compilers, and translation systems.',)
Q 911: what is the CRS_DESC of  Complex Variables ? 
("COMPLEX VARIABLES This is a first course in complex variables. The aim is to acquaint students with the elementary complex functions, their properties and derivatives, and with methods of integration. Topics covered include: definition and development of complex numbers as ordered pairs; geometric representation; basic formulas and inequalities involving argument and conjugates; roots of complex numbers, limit, continuity, and derivative; Cauchy Riemann conditions; harmonic functions; properties of trigonometric, hyperbolic, logarithmic, exponential, and inverse trigonometric functions; bilinear transformation; integration; Cauchy Integral Theorem and Formula; residues and poles; Laurent and Taylor's series; and improper integrals. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 912: what is the CRS_DESC of  Computer Communications ? 
('COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS This course introduces the basic principles of modern computer communication: protocols, architectures and standards. Topics include layered architectures, data transmission, error and flow control, medium access, routing, congestion control and common internet application protocols. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 913: what is the CRS_DESC of  Computer Graphics Programming ? 
('COMPUTER GRAPHICS PROGRAMMING This course introduces the student to the principles and tools of applied graphics programming including graphical systems, input and interaction, object modeling, transformations, hidden surface removal, and shading and lighting models. Languages, graphics libraries and toolkits, and video game engines are introduced, as well as relevant graphics standards. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 914: what is the CRS_DESC of  Computer Organization and Architecture  ? 
("COMPUTER ORGANIZATION AND ARCHITECTURE This course provides a basic understanding of the organization and architecture of modern computer systems. It examines the function and design of major hardware components both from a designer's perspective and through assembly language programming. Topics include components and their interconnection, internal/external memory, input/output subsystems, processors, computer arithmetic, instruction sets, addressing modes, and pipelining. Three hours per week",)
Q 915: what is the CRS_DESC of  Computer Science I  ? 
('COMPUTER SCIENCE I This course is an introduction to computer programming and is designed for both Computer Science majors and non-majors.  Emphasis is on problem solving and software development using a modern high level object-oriented language.  Topics include: the programming process; language syntax and semantics; data types; expressions; input and output; conditionals; loops; arrays; functions/methods and text files.  The course follos an "objects late" strategy, deferring in-depth discussions of object-orientated concepts to Computer Science 192. PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic mathematics',)
Q 916: what is the CRS_DESC of  Computer Science II ? 
('COMPUTER SCIENCE II This course continues the development of object-oriented programming.  Topics include class design; inheritance; interfaces and polymorphism; collection classes; searching and sorting; recursion; exception handling; the Model-View-Controller pattern; and graphical user interfaces. ',)
Q 917: what is the CRS_DESC of  Credibility Theory  ? 
('CREDIBILITY THEORY This course is a credibility approach to inference for heterogeneous data; classical, regression and Bayesian models; with illustrations from insurance data. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 918: what is the CRS_DESC of  Cryptography and Codes  ? 
('CRYPTOGRAPHY AND CODES This course is a study of classic and modern methods of encryption, applications to public-key ciphers, random number generators, attacks on encryption systems, error correcting codes; and computational number theory. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 919: what is the CRS_DESC of  Data Analysis and Inference ? 
('DATA ANALYSIS AND INFERENCE This course is an introduction to data analysis with a focus on regression. Topics include: initial examination of data, correlation, and simple and multiple regression models using least squares. Inference for regression parameters, confidence and prediction intervals, diagnostics and remedial measures interactions and dummy variables, variable selection, least squares estimation and inference for non-linear regression will also be discussed. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 920: what is the CRS_DESC of  Data Science  ? 
('DATA SCIENCE Data science is an interdisciplinary and emerging field where techniques from several areas are used to solve problems using data. This course provides an overview and hands-on training in data science, where students will learn to combine tools and techniques from computer science, statistics, data visualization and the social sciences. The course will focus on: 1) the process of moving from data collection to product, 2) tools for preparing, manipulating and analyzing data sets (big and small), 3) statistical modelling and machine learning, and 4) real world challenges. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 921: what is the CRS_DESC of  Data Visualization and Mining ? 
('DATA VISUALIZATION AND MINING This course introduces students to the statistical methods involved in visualization of high dimensional data, including interactive methods directed at exploration and assessment of structure and dependencies in data.  Topics include methods for finding groups in data including cluster analysis, dimension reduction methods including multi-dimensional scaling, pattern recognition, and smoothing techniques. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 922: what is the CRS_DESC of  Database Systems  ? 
('DATABASE SYSTEMS This course introduces the fundamental concepts necessary for the design, use and implementation of database systems. Topics discussed include logical and physical organization of data, database models, design theory, data definition and manipulation languages, constraints, views, and embedding database languages in general programming languages. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 923: what is the CRS_DESC of  Differential Equations  ? 
('DIFFERENTIAL EQUATIONS This course introduces the basic theory of differential equations, considers various techniques for their solution, and provides elementary applications. Topics include linear equations; separable equations; linear independence and Wronskian; second-order equations with constant coefficients; nonhomogeneous equations; applications of first- and second-order equations; Laplace and inverse Laplace transforms, and their application to initial-value problems; series solutions about ordinary and singular points; and Fourier series. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 924: what is the CRS_DESC of  Digital Systems ? 
('DIGITAL SYSTEMS This course provides an introduction to digital systems, beginning with elementary components such as logic gates, from which are constructed components such as adders and comparators, and progressing to more complex systems such as programmable logic devices, memory and processor units. Students acquire skills in the design and analysis of combinational and sequential digital systems, CAD design and simulation tools for complex systems, and construction of digital systems based upon a modular methodology. Three lecture hours and a three-hour laboratory session per week',)
Q 925: what is the CRS_DESC of  Directed Studies  ? 
('DIRECTED STUDIES The purpose of the course is to provide an opportunity for intensive interdisciplinary research in an area to be determined by the student and the coordinator of the program. Readings and research on the course will be supervised and the student is expected to present the results of the research in the form of an extended essay. This is a tutorial and seminar course. Three hours a week (See Academic Regulation 9 for Regulations Governing Directed Studies)',)
Q 926: what is the CRS_DESC of  Dynamical Systems ? 
('DYNAMICAL SYSTEMS This course is a study of the long-term qualitative behaviour of solutions of systems of differential or difference equations. Topics include: non-linear systems, linearization, numerical and graphical methods, equilibria, phase space, stability, bifurcations, strange attractors, and chaos. Applications to physics, biology and other sciences are studied. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 927: what is the CRS_DESC of  Elements of Mathematics ? 
('ELEMENTS OF MATHEMATICS This course provides an introduction to several mathematical topics at the university level, and is intended for students majoring in a discipline other than Mathematical and Computational Sciences, or the Natural Sciences. The course consists of four modules: (1) Sets and Logic, (2) Number Theory, (3) Geometry, (4) Mathematical Systems. NOTE: Credit will not be given jointly for this course and any other 1000-level Mathematics course. PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 928: what is the CRS_DESC of  Experimental Design ? 
('EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN This course builds upon the basis of inference studied in Statistics 2210 and Statistics 3240 to include statistical techniques commonly used in experimental studies. Students will study topics such as analysis of variance models, hypothesis testing in ANOVA models, randomization, and blocking techniques. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 929: what is the CRS_DESC of  Financial Economics I ? 
('FINANCIAL ECONOMICS I Introduction to mathematical techniques used to price and hedge derivative securities in modern finance. Modelling, analysis and computations for financial derivative products, including exotic options and swaps in all asset classes. Applications of derivatives in practice will also be discussed. Three lecture hours a week plus a two hour lab per week.',)
Q 930: what is the CRS_DESC of  Financial Economics II  ? 
('FINANCIAL ECONOMICS II This course will discuss advanced mathematical techniques used to price and hedge derivative securities in modern finance. Topics include: modelling, analysis and computations for financial derivative products, including exotic options and swaps in all asset classes. Students will also have the opportunity to apply these derivatives in practice. Three lecture hours plus a two hour lab per week.',)
Q 931: what is the CRS_DESC of  Financial Mathematics and Investments ? 
('FINANCIAL MATHEMATICS & INVESTMENTS Advanced topics of Theory of Interest as initially covered in AMS 2160 including time value of money, annuities, loans, bonds, general cash flows, portfolios and immunization concepts, as well as an introduction to capital markets, analysis of equity and fixed income investments, and an introduction to derivative securities including futures, forwards, swaps and options. Three lecture hours plus a two hour lab per week',)
Q 932: what is the CRS_DESC of  Financial Mathematics II  ? 
("FINANCIAL MATHEMATICS II This course explores calculus in a stochastic environment. Topics include: random functions, derivative, chain rule, integral, integration by parts, partial derivatives, pricing forwards and options. Ito's lemma and financial applications, Hull-White, Artzner-Heath, and Brennan-Schwartz models Martingales, pricing methodology, and risk-neutral probability will also be discussed. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 933: what is the CRS_DESC of  Financial Mathematics III ? 
("FINANCIAL MATHEMATICS III This course discusses forming risk-free portfolios, the Black-Scholes partial differential equation, constant dividend case, exotic options, drift adjustment, and equivalent martingale measures. Topics also include: Cox-Ross-Rubinstein, Merton and Vasicek's models, stochastic optimization, Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation, and application to American options. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 934: what is the CRS_DESC of  Finite Mathematics  ? 
('FINITE MATHEMATICS This course introduces students to finite mathematical techniques and to mathematical models in business, life and the social sciences. The course begins with an introduction to mathematical models, types of models, and conversion of verbal models to mathematical models. Topics covered include systems of linear equations and matrices, linear inequalities and linear programming, sets, counting and probability. NOTE: Credit for Mathematics 1110 will not be allowed if taken concurrent with or subsequent to Mathematics 2610. PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 935: what is the CRS_DESC of  Foundations of Geometry ? 
('FOUNDATIONS OF GEOMETRY This course presents an axiomatic base for Euclidean geometry and an insight into the interdependence of the various theorems and axioms of that geometry and non-Euclidean geometries. Topics include: incidence and separation properties for points, lines, planes and space; congruence properties; geometric inequalities; similarity properties; and geometric constructions. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 936: what is the CRS_DESC of  Functional Analysis ? 
('FUNCTIONAL ANALYSIS This first course in functional analysis covers topics like: metric spaces, Banach spaces, function spaces, Hilbert spaces, generalized Fourier series and linear operators. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 937: what is the CRS_DESC of  Game Theory ? 
('GAME THEORY The course covers the fundamentals of game theory and its applications to the modeling of competition and cooperation in business, economics, biology and society.  It will include two-person games in strategic form and Nash equilibria, extensive form games, including multi-stage games, coalition games and the core Bayesian games, mechanism design and auctions. PREREQUISITES: Math 192, Math 242 and Stat 222 Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 938: what is the CRS_DESC of  Generalized Linear Models ? 
('GENERALIZED LINEAR MODELS This course covers the basic theory, methodology and applications of generalized linear models.  Topics include logistic regression, probit regression, binomial regression, Poisson regression, overdispersion, quasi-likelihood, and the exponential family. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 939: what is the CRS_DESC of  GGY Axis Technology Lab ? 
('GGY AXIS TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package GGY AXIS. Topics include the basic functions and commands, programming and problem-solving using GGY AXIS. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 940: what is the CRS_DESC of  Graph Theory  ? 
('GRAPH THEORY This course is an introduction to the ideas, methods, and applications of graph theory. Topics include graph connectivity, graph factors and factorizations, planar graphs, and colourings. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 941: what is the CRS_DESC of  Group Theory  ? 
("GROUP THEORY An introduction to group theory, including: cyclic groups, symmetric groups, subgroups and normal subgroups, Lagrange's theorem, quotient groups and homomorphisms, isomorphism theorems, group actions, Sylow's theorem, simple groups, direct and semidirect products, fundamental theorem on finitely generated Abelian groups. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 942: what is the CRS_DESC of  Honours Project ? 
('HONOURS PROJECT This course is intended to give research experience to students planning to pursue graduate studies in an area of Mathematical and Computational Sciences, or planning a career where research experience would be an asset. It provides students with the opportunity to do an independent research project on Mathematical or Computational Sciences topic, under the supervision of a faculty member. Some or all of the work may be done during the summer months. Semester hours of credit: 6  Restriction: Student must be accepted to an Honours program in the School of Mathematical and Computational Sciences',)
Q 943: what is the CRS_DESC of  Human-Computer Interface Design ? 
('HUMAN-COMPUTER INTERFACE DESIGN This course is an introduction to the design and evaluation of software interfaces and webpages. The course focuses on user-centered design and includes topics such as user analysis and modelling, iterative prototyping, usability testing, designing for the web, internationalization and localization. Three hours per week',)
Q 944: what is the CRS_DESC of  Introduction to Bioinformatics  ? 
('INTRODUCTION TO BIOINFORMATICS This course is an introduction to bioinformatics, with a focus on a practical guide to the analysis of data on genes and proteins. It familiarizes students with the tools and principles of contemporary bioinformatics. Students acquire a working knowledge of a variety of publicly available data and computational tools important in bioinformatics, and a grasp of the underlying principles enabling them to evaluate and use novel techniques as they arise in the future.  Cross-listed with Biology, Pathology/Microbiology, Human Biology (cf. Biology 3220, VPM 8850, HB 8850). Three lecture hours and a one-hour laboratory session per week. NOTE:  No student can be awarded more than one course credit among HB 8850, VPM 8850, CS 3220 and BIO 3220.',)
Q 945: what is the CRS_DESC of  Introduction to Computer Programming Sci  ? 
('INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER PROGRAMMING FOR SCIENTISTS This course is an introduction to computer programming for non-computer science majors. Topics include problem-solving, algorithm design, data types, control structures, repetition, loops, nested structures, modular programming and arrays. Three lecture hours and 1.5 hours of laboratory session per week. NOTE: Credit will be allowed for only one of CS 1410 or Engineering 1320. As well, CS 1410 may not be taken concurrently with, or after, CS 1510. Prerequisite: Grade XII academic mathematics',)
Q 946: what is the CRS_DESC of  Introductory Statistics I ? 
('INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS I The main objective of this course is to introduce the basic concepts of descriptive statistics, statistical inference, and the use of statistical software such as MINITAB to students in any discipline. More time is spent on statistical inference than on descriptive statistics. Topics include frequency distributions, descriptive statistics, rules of probability, discrete and continuous probability distributions, random sampling and sampling distributions, confidence intervals, one- and two-tail tests of hypotheses, and correlation and linear regression. NOTE: Credit will not be allowed for Statistics 2210 if a student has received credit for any of the following courses: Business 2510, Education 4810, Psychology 2710 and Sociology 3320. Prerequisite: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 947: what is the CRS_DESC of  Introductory Statistics II  ? 
('INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS II The course builds upon the knowledge developed in Introductory Statistics I and introduces students to statistical techniques commonly used in research. Topics include linear regression and multiple linear regression, residual analysis, simple ANOVA models, categorical data analysis, simple sampling models, and common distributions (including binomial, Poisson, and exponential). Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 948: what is the CRS_DESC of  Linear Algebra I  ? 
('LINEAR ALGEBRA I This course introduces some of the basic concepts and techniques of linear algebra to students of any major. The emphasis is on the interpretation and development of computational tools. Theory is explained mainly on the basis of two or three-dimensional models. Topics covered are: matrices; determinants; systems of equations; vectors in two and three-dimensional space including dot and cross products, lines, and planes; concepts of linear independence, basis, and dimension explained with examples; linear transformations and their matrices; eigenvectors and eigenvalues. Three lecture hours per week PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics.',)
Q 949: what is the CRS_DESC of  Linear Algebra II ? 
('LINEAR ALGEBRA II This course continues MATH 2610 with further concepts and theory of linear algebra. Topics include vector spaces, orthogonality, Gram-Schmidt Process, canonical forms, spectral decompositions, inner product spaces and the projection theorem. Three lecture hours a week',)
Q 950: what is the CRS_DESC of  Loss Models I ? 
('LOSS MODELS I This course explores models for loss severity, parametric models, effect of policy modifications, and tail behaviour. Topics also include: models for loss frequency: (a, b, 0), (a, b, 1), mixed Poisson models; compound Poisson models, Aggregate claims models: moments and moment generating function: recursion and Classical ruin theory. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 951: what is the CRS_DESC of  Loss Models II  ? 
('LOSS MODELS II This course is a study of the mathematics of survival models and includes some examples of parametric survival models. Topics include: tabular survival models, estimates from complete and incomplete data samples, parametric survival models, and determining the optimal parameters. Maximum likelihood estimators, derivation and properties, product limit estimators, Kaplan-Meier and Nelson-Aalen, credibility theory: limited fluctuation; Bayesian; Buhlmann; Buhlmann-Straub; empirical Bayes parameter estimation; statistical inference for loss models; maximum likelihood estimation; the effect of policy modifications; and model selection will also be discussed. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 952: what is the CRS_DESC of  Machine Learning and Data Mining  ? 
('MACHINE LEARNING AND DATA MINING Machine learning is the study of mechanisms for acquiring knowledge from large data sets. This course examines techniques for detecting patterns in sets of uncategorized data. Supervised and unsupervised learning techniques are studied, with particular application to real-world data. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 953: what is the CRS_DESC of  Maple Technology Lab  ? 
('MAPLE TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package MAPLE. Topics include the basic functions and commands, mathematical problem solving using MAPLE, and programming in the internal MAPLE language.  Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 954: what is the CRS_DESC of  Mathematical Modelling  ? 
('MATHEMATICAL MODELLING This course studies the process of mathematical modeling, namely, formulating a "real-world" problem in mathematical terms, solving the resulting mathematical problem, and interpreting the solution. Major topics include the modeling of optimization problems (using the techniques of linear programming), and deterministic and probabilistic dynamical processes (with models formulated as differential and difference equations). Applications are taken from science, business and other areas, according to class interest. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 955: what is the CRS_DESC of  Mathematical Reasoning  ? 
('MATHEMATICAL REASONING This course provides students with experience in writing mathematical arguments. It covers first-order logic, set theory, relations, and functions. The ideas and proof techniques are considered in the context of various mathematical structures such as partial orders, graphs, number systems, and finite groups. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 956: what is the CRS_DESC of  Mathematics of Finance  ? 
('MATHEMATICS OF FINANCE This first course in the mathematics of finance includes topics such as measurement of interest; annuities and perpetuities; amortization and sinking funds; rates of return; bonds and related securities; life insurance. Three lecture hours a week plus a 2 hour lab per week.',)
Q 957: what is the CRS_DESC of  Matlab Technology Lab ? 
('MATLAB TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package Matlab. Topics include the basic functions and commands, programming and problem-solving using Matlab. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 958: what is the CRS_DESC of  Measure Theory and Integration  ? 
('MEASURE THEORY AND INTEGRATION A first course in measure theory, covering measure as a generalization of length, outer measure, sigma-algebras, measurability, construction of measures, Lebesgue measure on the real line, measurable functions and the Lebesgue integral. Additional topics may include and convergence theorems, product measures and Fubini Theorem. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 959: what is the CRS_DESC of  Mobile Device Development - Android ? 
('MOBILE DEVICE DEVELOPMENT - ANDROID This course introduces the student to programming for mobile devices that use the Android platform. The course will present a study of the architecture, operating system and programming language of these devices. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 960: what is the CRS_DESC of  Mobile Device Development - iOS ? 
('MOBILE DEVICE DEVELOPMENT - iOS This course introduces the student to programming for mobile devices that use iOS. The course will present a study of the architecture, operating system, and programming for these devices. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 961: what is the CRS_DESC of  Multivariable and Vector Calculus ? 
("MULTIVARIABLE AND VECTOR CALCULUS This course continues from Math 1920 and is an introduction to multivariable differentiation and integration and vector calculus. Topics include parametric representation of curves; polar coordinates; vectors; dot and cross products; curves and surfaces in space; calculus of vector-valued functions; functions of several variables; partial differentiation; directional derivatives; tangent planes; local and constrained maxima and minima; double and triple integrals; changes of variables in multiple integrals; vector fields; line and surface integrals; gradient, divergence and curl; Green's, Stokes' and Divergence Theorems.",)
Q 962: what is the CRS_DESC of  Multivariate Analysis ? 
('MULTIVARIATE ANALYSIS This course deals with the statistics of observation and analysis of more than one output variable. Topics include estimation and hypothesis testing for multivariate normal data, principal component analysis and factor analysis, discriminant analysis, cluster analysis, and correspondence analysis. Three lecture hours per week  ',)
Q 963: what is the CRS_DESC of  Nonlinear Optimization  ? 
('NONLINEAR OPTIMIZATION This course is a study of unconstrained optimization, optimality conditions (necessary, sufficient and Karush-Kuhn-Tucker), penalty functions, convex functions, and convex programming. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 964: what is the CRS_DESC of  Number Theory ? 
("NUMBER THEORY This first course in number theory will include the following topics: equivalence of the principles of induction and the well-ordering principle; division algorithm; positional notation and repeating decimals; greatest common divisor; Euclidean Algorithm; Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic; Pythagorean Triplets; Prime Numbers Theorem; Mersenne and Fermat Numbers; congruences; Euler's Phi-function; Chinese Remainder Theorem; Diophantine Equations; Theorems of Lagrange and Wilson; Quadratic Reciprocity Law of Gauss; Legendre symbol and primitive roots; perfect numbers; multiplicative number- theoretic functions; Moebius inversion. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 965: what is the CRS_DESC of  Numerical Analysis  ? 
("NUMERICAL ANALYSIS Approximate solution of equations, various interpolative or iterative methods, especially Newton's; convergence tests and rates of convergence; roundoff and truncation errors; propagation of error in calculations; interpolating polynomials; Gauss-Jordan and other methods for simultaneous linear equations; inversion of matrices; determinants and eigenvalues; simultaneous nonlinear equations; evaluation of definite integrals; approximate derivatives; initial-value ordinary differential equations; least-squares curve fitting. Three lecture hours per week",)
Q 966: what is the CRS_DESC of  Operating Systems ? 
('OPERATING SYSTEMS This course introduces the student to the major concepts of modern operating systems. Topics covered include: process management, memory management, file systems, device management and security. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 967: what is the CRS_DESC of  Optimization  ? 
('OPTIMIZATION An introduction to the methods and applications of linear programming.  Topics include linear programming formulations, the simplex method, duality and sensitivity analysis, and integer programming basics. Applications to transportation, resource allocation and scheduling problems will be examined. Software will be used to illustrate topics and applications. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 968: what is the CRS_DESC of  Partial Differential Equations  ? 
('PARTIAL DIFFERENTIAL EQUATIONS This course is an introduction to the theory and application of partial differential equations. Topics include: first-order equations and characteristic curves; classification of second-order equations as parabolic, hyperbolic or elliptic; Laplace, wave and diffusion equations, and their physical origins; solution using Fourier series; and separation of variables. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 969: what is the CRS_DESC of  Point-Set Topology  ? 
('POINT-SET TOPOLOGY A first course in topology, covering some review of set theory; cardinal numbers; binary relations; metric spaces, convergence and continuity in metric spaces; topological spaces, bases, sub- spaces; continuity in general; homeomorphism; product spaces; separation axioms; compactness; connectedness. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 970: what is the CRS_DESC of  Practical Embedded Systems  ? 
('PRACTICAL EMBEDDED SYSTEMS This course introduces students to the concept of embedded systems architectures, the interconnection of sensors and actuators to such systems, and the usage of such platforms for data acquisition and control of automated systems. Popular microcontroller units and system-on-chip platforms will be examined. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 971: what is the CRS_DESC of  Probability and Math Statistics I ? 
('PROBABILITY AND MATHEMATICAL STATISTICS I This course is an introduction to the theoretical basis of statistics for students who have completed Introductory Statistics. The study concentrates on the mathematical tools required to develop statistical methodology. Topics covered include: probability, continuous and discrete random variables, moment generating functions, multivariate probability distributions and functions of random variables. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 972: what is the CRS_DESC of  Probability and Math Statistics II  ? 
('PROBABILITY AND MATHEMATICAL STATISTICS II This course builds on the mathematical foundation developed in Statistics 3210 and introduces the student to the theory of statistical inference. Topics covered include: sampling distributions and central limit theory, methods of estimation, hypothesis testing, least squares estimation of linear models, and an introduction to Bayesian inference. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 973: what is the CRS_DESC of  Professional Communication and Practice ? 
("PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION AND PRACTICE This course aims to build students' oral and written communications skills, and to prepare them for a professional environment. Using examples from their discipline, students will focus on such aspects as description of processes, presentation of data, extended abstracts, correct use of terminology, and sensitivity to language and tone. Discussions of topics relevant to the professional Mathematical and Computational Scientist are also a key part of the course. Three hours per week",)
Q 974: what is the CRS_DESC of  Programming Practices ? 
('PROGRAMMING PRACTICES This course introduces the student to development in the Unix/Linux environment. Topics include development tools, shell programming, common utility programs, processes, file/directory management, IDEs, testing/debugging, version control, and an introduction to software engineering. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 975: what is the CRS_DESC of  Prototype Systems Development ? 
('PROTOTYPE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT This course is for student teams who wish to develop an early prototype of a product which they hope to pitch to an external start-up accelerator program post-graduation. Student teams may be inter-disciplinary, but students must register for this course (or its equivalent) within their home school/department. Entry into the course is dependent upon a pitch for the product being judged as economically viable by a team of project mentors. Pitches are made at the conclusion of CS 3840. One lecture hour per week plus significant project time.',)
Q 976: what is the CRS_DESC of  Quantitative Risk Management  ? 
('QUANTITATIVE RISK MANAGEMENT This course is an introduction to financial risk management. Topics include: risk measures, modeling for multivariate distributions and copulas, market, credit and operational risk. Advanced topics in quantitative risk management will also be discussed. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 977: what is the CRS_DESC of  Quantum Information ? 
('QUANTUM INFORMATION Introduction to quantum information science; the field of studying, storing, processing and communicating information using quantum systems.  Topic include quantum mechanics for Qubit Systems, foundations of Quantum Computing, algorithms, communication and cryptography. Three lecture hours per week.',)
Q 978: what is the CRS_DESC of  R Technology Lab  ? 
('R TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package R. Topics include the basic functions and commands, programming and problem-solving using R. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 979: what is the CRS_DESC of  Real Analysis ? 
('REAL ANALYSIS This is a first course in real analysis. Topics include: the reals as a complete ordered field; closed and open sets; Bolzano-Weierstrass and Heine-Borel Theorems; Cauchy Sequences; limits and continuity; derivative; Mean Value Theorem; Riemann Integral; and the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 980: what is the CRS_DESC of  Ring and Field Theory ? 
('RING AND FIELD THEORY Introduction to ring and field theory, including: polynomial rings, matrix rings, ideals and homomorphisms, quotient rings, Chinese remainder theorem, Euclidean domains, principal ideal domains, unique factorization domains, introduction to module theory, basic theory of field extensions, splitting fields and algebraic closures, finite fields, introduction to Galois theory. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 981: what is the CRS_DESC of  Single Variable Calculus I  ? 
('SINGLE VARIABLE CALCULUS I This course is an introduction to differential and integral calculus of functions of a single variable. The course is intended primarily for majors in the Mathematical and Computational Sciences, Engineering and the Physical Sciences, as well as those planning to continue with further Mathematics courses. The concepts of limits, continuity and derivatives are introduced and explored numerically, graphically and analytically. The tools of differential calculus are applied to problems in: related rates; velocity and acceleration; extrema of functions; optimization; curve sketching; and indeterminate forms. The concepts of definite and indefinite integrals are introduced, and the relation between the two integrals is discovered via the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus. PREREQUISITE: Grade XII academic Mathematics[and a passing grade on the Assessment Test]',)
Q 982: what is the CRS_DESC of  Single Variable Calculus II ? 
('SINGLE VARIABLE CALCULUS II This course is a continuation of integral calculus of functions of a single variable and an introduction to sequences and series. Techniques of integration are studied, including improper integrals and numerical integration, and the tools of integral calculus are used to compute areas, volumes and arc lengths; and are applied to problems in physics and differential equations. Sequences, series, tests for convergence, Taylor series and Taylor polynomials are studied.',)
Q 983: what is the CRS_DESC of  Software Design and Architecture  ? 
('SOFTWARE DESIGN AND ARCHITECTURE This course examines the principles and best practices in object-oriented (OO) software design. Topics include a review of foundational OO concepts, OO design principles, classic design patterns, and software architectures. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 984: what is the CRS_DESC of  Software Engineering  ? 
('SOFTWARE ENGINEERING This course emphasizes the theory, methods and tools employed in developing medium to large-scale software which is usable, efficient, maintainable, and dependable. Project management is a major focus. Topics include traditional and agile process models, project costing, scheduling, team organization and management, requirements modelling/specification, software design, software verification and testing, and re-engineering. Three lecture hours per week.     Restriction: Student must have fourth year standing in Computer Science ',)
Q 985: what is the CRS_DESC of  Software System Project ? 
('SOFTWARE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT PROJECT In this course, students propose, complete and present a significant software project in a group setting using the system development skills learned in CS 4810. The course applies object-oriented design principles through the use of UML. Students are encouraged to select (with the consent of the instructor) a project with a real-world client. One lecture hour per week plus significant project time',)
Q 986: what is the CRS_DESC of  Special Topics in Mathematical and Compu  ? 
('SPECIAL TOPICS IN MATHEMATICAL AND COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCES This course provides students with an opportunity to pursue special topics in Mathematical and Computational Science. Content varies from year to year.  Three lecture hours per week. Restriction: Student must have permission of the instructor.',)
Q 987: what is the CRS_DESC of  Statistical Simulation  ? 
('STATISTICAL SIMULATION This course introduces statistical simulation, and its use as a tool to investigate stochastic phenomena and statistical methods.  Topics include the building and validation of stochastic simulation models useful in computing, operations research, engineering and science; related design and estimation problems; variance reduction; and the implementation and the analysis of the results. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 988: what is the CRS_DESC of  Stochastic Processes  ? 
('STOCHASTIC PROCESSES This course is an introduction to the branch of probability theory that deals with the analysis of systems that evolve over time. Topics include random walks, Markov chains, Poisson processes, continuous time Markov chains, birth and death processes, exponential models, and applications of Markov chains. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 989: what is the CRS_DESC of  Tech. Management and Entrepreneurship ? 
('TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT & ENTREPRENEURSHIP This course provides an overview on how to start and sustain a technology-oriented company.  Topics discussed will include the role of technology in society, intellectual property, patents, business plans, financial planning, sources of capital, business structure, liability, tax implications, sales, marketing, operational and human resource management.  This course will be taught using problem-based and experiential learning strategies with involvement from real life entrepreneurs as motivators and facilitators. (Cross-listed with Engineering 4430. Three lecture hours per week.',)
Q 990: what is the CRS_DESC of  Theory of Computing ? 
('THEORY OF COMPUTING This course introduces automata theory, formal languages and computability. Topics include: finite automata; regular expressions; regular, context-free, and context-sensitive languages; computability models; algorithmic decidable and undecidable problems. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 991: what is the CRS_DESC of  Time Series I ? 
('TIME SERIES I This course is an introduction to Time Series methods, including: stationary models, trends and seasonality, stochastic Time Series models, autoregressive and moving average processes and an introduction to Time Series forecasting. ARIMA models. Seasonal Time Series and Spectral Analysis are also covered. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 992: what is the CRS_DESC of  Time Series II  ? 
('TIME SERIES II This course includes topics from Time Series Econometrics, including Maximum Likelihood and Least Squares Estimation of ARIMA Models and GARCH Models, Wavelets and Financial Models. Non-stationary Time Series, multivariate Time Series and panel cointegration analysis are also covered. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 993: what is the CRS_DESC of  Tutoring in Math. and Comput. Sciences  ? 
('TUTORING IN MATHEMATICAL AND COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCES Students are introduced to techniques for facilitating learning in the Mathematical and Computational Sciences, and then put these techniques into practice by mediating student group learning either in introductory Mathematical and Computational Sciences courses, Mathematical and Computational Science Help Centre or in outreach programs to High Schools. Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 994: what is the CRS_DESC of  Video Game Design ? 
('VIDEO GAME DESIGN This course focuses on the process from initial idea to final design of a video game. Students will craft a game document from an original concept of their own creation and create a prototype of the game based on that document. Three lecture hours per week',)
Q 995: what is the CRS_DESC of  Video Game Programming Project  ? 
('VIDEO GAME PROGRAMMING PROJECT In this course, students work as a group to develop a single design into a fully functioning video game. This course applies the project management skills learned in CS 4810 to the development of a professional quality video game based upon a single design and prototype emerging from CS 3110. One lecture hour per week plus significant project time.',)
Q 996: what is the CRS_DESC of  Video-Game Architecture ? 
('VIDEO-GAME ARCHITECTURE This programming-driven course aims to explore the various systems that comprise a typical video-game project, including event systems, state machines, rendering, scripting and AI programming. Students will implement these components throughout the course with the end goal of building a small game. Three lectures hours per week',)
Q 997: what is the CRS_DESC of  Visual Basic in Excel Technology Lab  ? 
('VISUAL BASIC IN EXCEL TECHNOLOGY LAB An introduction to the software package Excel and Visual Basic in the Excel environment. Topics include the basic functions and commands, programming and  problem-solving using Excel and Visual Basic. Two lab hours per week for 6 weeks Semester hours of credit: 1',)
Q 998: what is the CRS_DESC of  Web Development and Programming ? 
('WEB DEVELOPMENT AND PROGRAMMING In this course, students learn to create websites that involve server-side scripting and database operations. While one specific scripting language is used to acquire web development and programming skills, students are exposed to a spectrum of scripting languages, enabling them to easily adapt to others. Three hours per week',)
Q 999: what is the CRS_DESC of  Wireless Sensor Network ? 
None
Q 1000: what is the SUBJECT of  Actuarial Mathematics Lab I ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1001: what is the SUBJECT of  Actuarial Science I ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1002: what is the SUBJECT of  Actuarial Science II  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1003: what is the SUBJECT of  Adv. Insurance and Actuarial Practices  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1004: what is the SUBJECT of  Advanced Computer Graphics Programming  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1005: what is the SUBJECT of  Advanced Corporate Finance for Actuaries  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1006: what is the SUBJECT of  Advanced Topics in MCS  ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1007: what is the SUBJECT of  Analysis and Design of Algorithms ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1008: what is the SUBJECT of  Applied Regression Analysis ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1009: what is the SUBJECT of  Artificial Intelligence/Automated Reason  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1010: what is the SUBJECT of  Calc for Mangerial, Social, Life Science  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1011: what is the SUBJECT of  Cloud Computing ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1012: what is the SUBJECT of  Co-op Career Skills II  ? 
('Business',)
Q 1013: what is the SUBJECT of  Co-op Work Term I ? 
('Business',)
Q 1014: what is the SUBJECT of  Co-op Work Term II  ? 
('Business',)
Q 1015: what is the SUBJECT of  Co-op Work Term III ? 
('Business',)
Q 1016: what is the SUBJECT of  Co-op Work Term IV  ? 
('Business',)
Q 1017: what is the SUBJECT of  Combinatorial Optimization  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1018: what is the SUBJECT of  Combinatorics I ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1019: what is the SUBJECT of  Combinatorics II  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1020: what is the SUBJECT of  Comparative Programming Languages ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1021: what is the SUBJECT of  Compiler Design ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1022: what is the SUBJECT of  Complex Variables ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1023: what is the SUBJECT of  Computer Communications ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1024: what is the SUBJECT of  Computer Graphics Programming ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1025: what is the SUBJECT of  Computer Organization and Architecture  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1026: what is the SUBJECT of  Computer Science I  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1027: what is the SUBJECT of  Computer Science II ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1028: what is the SUBJECT of  Credibility Theory  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1029: what is the SUBJECT of  Cryptography and Codes  ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1030: what is the SUBJECT of  Data Analysis and Inference ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1031: what is the SUBJECT of  Data Science  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1032: what is the SUBJECT of  Data Visualization and Mining ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1033: what is the SUBJECT of  Database Systems  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1034: what is the SUBJECT of  Differential Equations  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1035: what is the SUBJECT of  Digital Systems ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1036: what is the SUBJECT of  Directed Studies  ? 
('Acadian Studies',)
Q 1037: what is the SUBJECT of  Dynamical Systems ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1038: what is the SUBJECT of  Elements of Mathematics ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1039: what is the SUBJECT of  Experimental Design ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1040: what is the SUBJECT of  Financial Economics I ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1041: what is the SUBJECT of  Financial Economics II  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1042: what is the SUBJECT of  Financial Mathematics and Investments ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1043: what is the SUBJECT of  Financial Mathematics II  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1044: what is the SUBJECT of  Financial Mathematics III ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1045: what is the SUBJECT of  Finite Mathematics  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1046: what is the SUBJECT of  Foundations of Geometry ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1047: what is the SUBJECT of  Functional Analysis ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1048: what is the SUBJECT of  Game Theory ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1049: what is the SUBJECT of  Generalized Linear Models ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1050: what is the SUBJECT of  GGY Axis Technology Lab ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1051: what is the SUBJECT of  Graph Theory  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1052: what is the SUBJECT of  Group Theory  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1053: what is the SUBJECT of  Honours Project ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1054: what is the SUBJECT of  Human-Computer Interface Design ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1055: what is the SUBJECT of  Introduction to Bioinformatics  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1056: what is the SUBJECT of  Introduction to Computer Programming Sci  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1057: what is the SUBJECT of  Introductory Statistics I ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1058: what is the SUBJECT of  Introductory Statistics II  ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1059: what is the SUBJECT of  Linear Algebra I  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1060: what is the SUBJECT of  Linear Algebra II ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1061: what is the SUBJECT of  Loss Models I ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1062: what is the SUBJECT of  Loss Models II  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1063: what is the SUBJECT of  Machine Learning and Data Mining  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1064: what is the SUBJECT of  Maple Technology Lab  ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1065: what is the SUBJECT of  Mathematical Modelling  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1066: what is the SUBJECT of  Mathematical Reasoning  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1067: what is the SUBJECT of  Mathematics of Finance  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1068: what is the SUBJECT of  Matlab Technology Lab ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1069: what is the SUBJECT of  Measure Theory and Integration  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1070: what is the SUBJECT of  Mobile Device Development - Android ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1071: what is the SUBJECT of  Mobile Device Development - iOS ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1072: what is the SUBJECT of  Multivariable and Vector Calculus ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1073: what is the SUBJECT of  Multivariate Analysis ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1074: what is the SUBJECT of  Nonlinear Optimization  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1075: what is the SUBJECT of  Number Theory ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1076: what is the SUBJECT of  Numerical Analysis  ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1077: what is the SUBJECT of  Operating Systems ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1078: what is the SUBJECT of  Optimization  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1079: what is the SUBJECT of  Partial Differential Equations  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1080: what is the SUBJECT of  Point-Set Topology  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1081: what is the SUBJECT of  Practical Embedded Systems  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1082: what is the SUBJECT of  Probability and Math Statistics I ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1083: what is the SUBJECT of  Probability and Math Statistics II  ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1084: what is the SUBJECT of  Professional Communication and Practice ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1085: what is the SUBJECT of  Programming Practices ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1086: what is the SUBJECT of  Prototype Systems Development ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1087: what is the SUBJECT of  Quantitative Risk Management  ? 
('Applied Mathematical Sciences',)
Q 1088: what is the SUBJECT of  Quantum Information ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1089: what is the SUBJECT of  R Technology Lab  ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1090: what is the SUBJECT of  Real Analysis ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1091: what is the SUBJECT of  Ring and Field Theory ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1092: what is the SUBJECT of  Single Variable Calculus I  ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1093: what is the SUBJECT of  Single Variable Calculus II ? 
('Mathematics',)
Q 1094: what is the SUBJECT of  Software Design and Architecture  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1095: what is the SUBJECT of  Software Engineering  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1096: what is the SUBJECT of  Software System Project ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1097: what is the SUBJECT of  Special Topics in Mathematical and Compu  ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1098: what is the SUBJECT of  Statistical Simulation  ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1099: what is the SUBJECT of  Stochastic Processes  ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1100: what is the SUBJECT of  Tech. Management and Entrepreneurship ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1101: what is the SUBJECT of  Theory of Computing ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1102: what is the SUBJECT of  Time Series I ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1103: what is the SUBJECT of  Time Series II  ? 
('Statistics',)
Q 1104: what is the SUBJECT of  Tutoring in Math. and Comput. Sciences  ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1105: what is the SUBJECT of  Video Game Design ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1106: what is the SUBJECT of  Video Game Programming Project  ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1107: what is the SUBJECT of  Video-Game Architecture ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1108: what is the SUBJECT of  Visual Basic in Excel Technology Lab  ? 
('Mathematical Computational Sci',)
Q 1109: what is the SUBJECT of  Web Development and Programming ? 
('Computer Science',)
Q 1110: what is the SUBJECT of  Wireless Sensor Network ? 
None
Q 1111: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Actuarial Mathematics Lab I ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1112: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Actuarial Science I ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1113: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Actuarial Science II  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1114: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Adv. Insurance and Actuarial Practices  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1115: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Advanced Computer Graphics Programming  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1116: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Advanced Corporate Finance for Actuaries  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1117: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Advanced Topics in MCS  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1118: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Analysis and Design of Algorithms ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1119: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Applied Regression Analysis ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1120: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Artificial Intelligence/Automated Reason  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1121: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Calc for Mangerial, Social, Life Science  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1122: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Cloud Computing ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1123: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Co-op Career Skills II  ? 
('Business',)
Q 1124: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Co-op Work Term I ? 
('Business',)
Q 1125: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Co-op Work Term II  ? 
('Business',)
Q 1126: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Co-op Work Term III ? 
('Business',)
Q 1127: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Co-op Work Term IV  ? 
('Business',)
Q 1128: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Combinatorial Optimization  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1129: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Combinatorics I ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1130: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Combinatorics II  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1131: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Comparative Programming Languages ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1132: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Compiler Design ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1133: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Complex Variables ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1134: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Computer Communications ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1135: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Computer Graphics Programming ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1136: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Computer Organization and Architecture  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1137: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Computer Science I  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1138: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Computer Science II ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1139: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Credibility Theory  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1140: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Cryptography and Codes  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1141: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Data Analysis and Inference ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1142: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Data Science  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1143: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Data Visualization and Mining ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1144: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Database Systems  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1145: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Differential Equations  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1146: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Digital Systems ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1147: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Directed Studies  ? 
('Acadian Studies',)
Q 1148: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Dynamical Systems ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1149: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Elements of Mathematics ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1150: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Experimental Design ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1151: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Financial Economics I ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1152: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Financial Economics II  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1153: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Financial Mathematics and Investments ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1154: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Financial Mathematics II  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1155: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Financial Mathematics III ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1156: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Finite Mathematics  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1157: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Foundations of Geometry ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1158: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Functional Analysis ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1159: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Game Theory ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1160: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Generalized Linear Models ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1161: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  GGY Axis Technology Lab ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1162: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Graph Theory  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1163: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Group Theory  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1164: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Honours Project ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1165: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Human-Computer Interface Design ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1166: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Introduction to Bioinformatics  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1167: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Introduction to Computer Programming Sci  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1168: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Introductory Statistics I ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1169: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Introductory Statistics II  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1170: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Linear Algebra I  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1171: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Linear Algebra II ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1172: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Loss Models I ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1173: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Loss Models II  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1174: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Machine Learning and Data Mining  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1175: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Maple Technology Lab  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1176: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Mathematical Modelling  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1177: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Mathematical Reasoning  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1178: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Mathematics of Finance  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1179: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Matlab Technology Lab ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1180: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Measure Theory and Integration  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1181: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Mobile Device Development - Android ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1182: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Mobile Device Development - iOS ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1183: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Multivariable and Vector Calculus ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1184: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Multivariate Analysis ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1185: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Nonlinear Optimization  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1186: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Number Theory ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1187: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Numerical Analysis  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1188: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Operating Systems ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1189: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Optimization  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1190: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Partial Differential Equations  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1191: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Point-Set Topology  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1192: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Practical Embedded Systems  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1193: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Probability and Math Statistics I ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1194: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Probability and Math Statistics II  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1195: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Professional Communication and Practice ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1196: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Programming Practices ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1197: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Prototype Systems Development ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1198: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Quantitative Risk Management  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1199: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Quantum Information ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1200: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  R Technology Lab  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1201: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Real Analysis ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1202: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Ring and Field Theory ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1203: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Single Variable Calculus I  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1204: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Single Variable Calculus II ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1205: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Software Design and Architecture  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1206: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Software Engineering  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1207: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Software System Project ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1208: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Special Topics in Mathematical and Compu  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1209: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Statistical Simulation  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1210: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Stochastic Processes  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1211: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Tech. Management and Entrepreneurship ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1212: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Theory of Computing ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1213: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Time Series I ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1214: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Time Series II  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1215: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Tutoring in Math. and Comput. Sciences  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1216: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Video Game Design ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1217: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Video Game Programming Project  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1218: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Video-Game Architecture ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1219: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Visual Basic in Excel Technology Lab  ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1220: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Web Development and Programming ? 
('Mathematical/Computational Sc.',)
Q 1221: what is the DEPARTMENT_1 of  Wireless Sensor Network ? 
None
Q 1222: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Actuarial Mathematics Lab I ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1223: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Actuarial Science I ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1224: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Actuarial Science II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1225: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Adv. Insurance and Actuarial Practices  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1226: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Advanced Computer Graphics Programming  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1227: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Advanced Corporate Finance for Actuaries  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1228: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Advanced Topics in MCS  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1229: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Analysis and Design of Algorithms ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1230: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Applied Regression Analysis ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1231: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Artificial Intelligence/Automated Reason  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1232: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Calc for Mangerial, Social, Life Science  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1233: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Cloud Computing ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1234: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Co-op Career Skills II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1235: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Co-op Work Term I ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1236: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Co-op Work Term II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1237: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Co-op Work Term III ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1238: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Co-op Work Term IV  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1239: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Combinatorial Optimization  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1240: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Combinatorics I ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1241: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Combinatorics II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1242: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Comparative Programming Languages ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1243: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Compiler Design ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1244: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Complex Variables ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1245: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Computer Communications ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1246: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Computer Graphics Programming ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1247: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Computer Organization and Architecture  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1248: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Computer Science I  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1249: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Computer Science II ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1250: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Credibility Theory  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1251: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Cryptography and Codes  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1252: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Data Analysis and Inference ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1253: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Data Science  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1254: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Data Visualization and Mining ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1255: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Database Systems  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1256: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Differential Equations  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1257: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Digital Systems ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1258: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Directed Studies  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1259: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Dynamical Systems ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1260: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Elements of Mathematics ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1261: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Experimental Design ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1262: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Financial Economics I ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1263: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Financial Economics II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1264: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Financial Mathematics and Investments ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1265: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Financial Mathematics II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1266: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Financial Mathematics III ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1267: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Finite Mathematics  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1268: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Foundations of Geometry ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1269: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Functional Analysis ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1270: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Game Theory ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1271: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Generalized Linear Models ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1272: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  GGY Axis Technology Lab ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1273: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Graph Theory  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1274: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Group Theory  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1275: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Honours Project ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1276: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Human-Computer Interface Design ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1277: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Introduction to Bioinformatics  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1278: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Introduction to Computer Programming Sci  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1279: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Introductory Statistics I ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1280: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Introductory Statistics II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1281: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Linear Algebra I  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1282: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Linear Algebra II ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1283: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Loss Models I ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1284: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Loss Models II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1285: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Machine Learning and Data Mining  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1286: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Maple Technology Lab  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1287: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Mathematical Modelling  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1288: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Mathematical Reasoning  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1289: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Mathematics of Finance  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1290: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Matlab Technology Lab ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1291: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Measure Theory and Integration  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1292: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Mobile Device Development - Android ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1293: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Mobile Device Development - iOS ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1294: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Multivariable and Vector Calculus ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1295: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Multivariate Analysis ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1296: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Nonlinear Optimization  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1297: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Number Theory ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1298: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Numerical Analysis  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1299: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Operating Systems ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1300: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Optimization  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1301: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Partial Differential Equations  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1302: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Point-Set Topology  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1303: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Practical Embedded Systems  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1304: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Probability and Math Statistics I ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1305: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Probability and Math Statistics II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1306: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Professional Communication and Practice ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1307: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Programming Practices ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1308: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Prototype Systems Development ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1309: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Quantitative Risk Management  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1310: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Quantum Information ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1311: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  R Technology Lab  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1312: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Real Analysis ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1313: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Ring and Field Theory ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1314: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Single Variable Calculus I  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1315: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Single Variable Calculus II ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1316: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Software Design and Architecture  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1317: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Software Engineering  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1318: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Software System Project ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1319: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Special Topics in Mathematical and Compu  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1320: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Statistical Simulation  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1321: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Stochastic Processes  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1322: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Tech. Management and Entrepreneurship ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1323: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Theory of Computing ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1324: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Time Series I ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1325: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Time Series II  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1326: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Tutoring in Math. and Comput. Sciences  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1327: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Video Game Design ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1328: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Video Game Programming Project  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1329: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Video-Game Architecture ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1330: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Visual Basic in Excel Technology Lab  ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1331: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Web Development and Programming ? 
('Undergraduate',)
Q 1332: what is the ACADEMIC_LEVEL of  Wireless Sensor Network ? 
None
Q 1333: what is the CREDITS of  Actuarial Mathematics Lab I ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1334: what is the CREDITS of  Actuarial Science I ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1335: what is the CREDITS of  Actuarial Science II  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1336: what is the CREDITS of  Adv. Insurance and Actuarial Practices  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1337: what is the CREDITS of  Advanced Computer Graphics Programming  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1338: what is the CREDITS of  Advanced Corporate Finance for Actuaries  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1339: what is the CREDITS of  Advanced Topics in MCS  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1340: what is the CREDITS of  Analysis and Design of Algorithms ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1341: what is the CREDITS of  Applied Regression Analysis ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1342: what is the CREDITS of  Artificial Intelligence/Automated Reason  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1343: what is the CREDITS of  Calc for Mangerial, Social, Life Science  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1344: what is the CREDITS of  Cloud Computing ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1345: what is the CREDITS of  Co-op Career Skills II  ? 
(0.0,)
Q 1346: what is the CREDITS of  Co-op Work Term I ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1347: what is the CREDITS of  Co-op Work Term II  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1348: what is the CREDITS of  Co-op Work Term III ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1349: what is the CREDITS of  Co-op Work Term IV  ? 
(0.0,)
Q 1350: what is the CREDITS of  Combinatorial Optimization  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1351: what is the CREDITS of  Combinatorics I ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1352: what is the CREDITS of  Combinatorics II  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1353: what is the CREDITS of  Comparative Programming Languages ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1354: what is the CREDITS of  Compiler Design ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1355: what is the CREDITS of  Complex Variables ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1356: what is the CREDITS of  Computer Communications ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1357: what is the CREDITS of  Computer Graphics Programming ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1358: what is the CREDITS of  Computer Organization and Architecture  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1359: what is the CREDITS of  Computer Science I  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1360: what is the CREDITS of  Computer Science II ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1361: what is the CREDITS of  Credibility Theory  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1362: what is the CREDITS of  Cryptography and Codes  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1363: what is the CREDITS of  Data Analysis and Inference ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1364: what is the CREDITS of  Data Science  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1365: what is the CREDITS of  Data Visualization and Mining ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1366: what is the CREDITS of  Database Systems  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1367: what is the CREDITS of  Differential Equations  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1368: what is the CREDITS of  Digital Systems ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1369: what is the CREDITS of  Directed Studies  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1370: what is the CREDITS of  Dynamical Systems ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1371: what is the CREDITS of  Elements of Mathematics ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1372: what is the CREDITS of  Experimental Design ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1373: what is the CREDITS of  Financial Economics I ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1374: what is the CREDITS of  Financial Economics II  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1375: what is the CREDITS of  Financial Mathematics and Investments ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1376: what is the CREDITS of  Financial Mathematics II  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1377: what is the CREDITS of  Financial Mathematics III ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1378: what is the CREDITS of  Finite Mathematics  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1379: what is the CREDITS of  Foundations of Geometry ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1380: what is the CREDITS of  Functional Analysis ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1381: what is the CREDITS of  Game Theory ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1382: what is the CREDITS of  Generalized Linear Models ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1383: what is the CREDITS of  GGY Axis Technology Lab ? 
(1.0,)
Q 1384: what is the CREDITS of  Graph Theory  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1385: what is the CREDITS of  Group Theory  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1386: what is the CREDITS of  Honours Project ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1387: what is the CREDITS of  Human-Computer Interface Design ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1388: what is the CREDITS of  Introduction to Bioinformatics  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1389: what is the CREDITS of  Introduction to Computer Programming Sci  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1390: what is the CREDITS of  Introductory Statistics I ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1391: what is the CREDITS of  Introductory Statistics II  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1392: what is the CREDITS of  Linear Algebra I  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1393: what is the CREDITS of  Linear Algebra II ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1394: what is the CREDITS of  Loss Models I ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1395: what is the CREDITS of  Loss Models II  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1396: what is the CREDITS of  Machine Learning and Data Mining  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1397: what is the CREDITS of  Maple Technology Lab  ? 
(1.0,)
Q 1398: what is the CREDITS of  Mathematical Modelling  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1399: what is the CREDITS of  Mathematical Reasoning  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1400: what is the CREDITS of  Mathematics of Finance  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1401: what is the CREDITS of  Matlab Technology Lab ? 
(1.0,)
Q 1402: what is the CREDITS of  Measure Theory and Integration  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1403: what is the CREDITS of  Mobile Device Development - Android ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1404: what is the CREDITS of  Mobile Device Development - iOS ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1405: what is the CREDITS of  Multivariable and Vector Calculus ? 
(4.0,)
Q 1406: what is the CREDITS of  Multivariate Analysis ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1407: what is the CREDITS of  Nonlinear Optimization  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1408: what is the CREDITS of  Number Theory ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1409: what is the CREDITS of  Numerical Analysis  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1410: what is the CREDITS of  Operating Systems ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1411: what is the CREDITS of  Optimization  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1412: what is the CREDITS of  Partial Differential Equations  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1413: what is the CREDITS of  Point-Set Topology  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1414: what is the CREDITS of  Practical Embedded Systems  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1415: what is the CREDITS of  Probability and Math Statistics I ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1416: what is the CREDITS of  Probability and Math Statistics II  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1417: what is the CREDITS of  Professional Communication and Practice ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1418: what is the CREDITS of  Programming Practices ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1419: what is the CREDITS of  Prototype Systems Development ? 
(6.0,)
Q 1420: what is the CREDITS of  Quantitative Risk Management  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1421: what is the CREDITS of  Quantum Information ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1422: what is the CREDITS of  R Technology Lab  ? 
(1.0,)
Q 1423: what is the CREDITS of  Real Analysis ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1424: what is the CREDITS of  Ring and Field Theory ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1425: what is the CREDITS of  Single Variable Calculus I  ? 
(4.0,)
Q 1426: what is the CREDITS of  Single Variable Calculus II ? 
(4.0,)
Q 1427: what is the CREDITS of  Software Design and Architecture  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1428: what is the CREDITS of  Software Engineering  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1429: what is the CREDITS of  Software System Project ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1430: what is the CREDITS of  Special Topics in Mathematical and Compu  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1431: what is the CREDITS of  Statistical Simulation  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1432: what is the CREDITS of  Stochastic Processes  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1433: what is the CREDITS of  Tech. Management and Entrepreneurship ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1434: what is the CREDITS of  Theory of Computing ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1435: what is the CREDITS of  Time Series I ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1436: what is the CREDITS of  Time Series II  ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1437: what is the CREDITS of  Tutoring in Math. and Comput. Sciences  ? 
(1.0,)
Q 1438: what is the CREDITS of  Video Game Design ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1439: what is the CREDITS of  Video Game Programming Project  ? 
(6.0,)
Q 1440: what is the CREDITS of  Video-Game Architecture ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1441: what is the CREDITS of  Visual Basic in Excel Technology Lab  ? 
(1.0,)
Q 1442: what is the CREDITS of  Web Development and Programming ? 
(3.0,)
Q 1443: what is the CREDITS of  Wireless Sensor Network ? 
None
Q 1444: what is the PREREQ of  Actuarial Mathematics Lab I ? 
('AMS 2160',)
Q 1445: what is the PREREQ of  Actuarial Science I ? 
('AMS 2400 and STAT 3210; AMS-2510L',)
Q 1446: what is the PREREQ of  Actuarial Science II  ? 
('AMS 2510 and STAT 3220; AMS-3510L',)
Q 1447: what is the PREREQ of  Adv. Insurance and Actuarial Practices  ? 
('AMS 3510',)
Q 1448: what is the PREREQ of  Advanced Computer Graphics Programming  ? 
('Computer Science 4350',)
Q 1449: what is the PREREQ of  Advanced Corporate Finance for Actuaries  ? 
('AMS 2400 and BUS 2310',)
Q 1450: what is the PREREQ of  Advanced Topics in MCS  ? 
(None,)
Q 1451: what is the PREREQ of  Analysis and Design of Algorithms ? 
('Computer Science 2610 and Math 2420',)
Q 1452: what is the PREREQ of  Applied Regression Analysis ? 
('Statistics 2210 and Math 2610',)
Q 1453: what is the PREREQ of  Artificial Intelligence/Automated Reason  ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 1454: what is the PREREQ of  Calc for Mangerial, Social, Life Science  ? 
(None,)
Q 1455: what is the PREREQ of  Cloud Computing ? 
('Computer Science 2060',)
Q 1456: what is the PREREQ of  Co-op Career Skills II  ? 
('Business 2930',)
Q 1457: what is the PREREQ of  Co-op Work Term I ? 
('Business 2920 or permission of the Academic Director of Co-operative Education',)
Q 1458: what is the PREREQ of  Co-op Work Term II  ? 
('Business 3920 or permission of the Academic Director of Co-operative Education',)
Q 1459: what is the PREREQ of  Co-op Work Term III ? 
('Business 4920 or permission of the Academic Director of Co-operative Education',)
Q 1460: what is the PREREQ of  Co-op Work Term IV  ? 
('Business 4930',)
Q 1461: what is the PREREQ of  Combinatorial Optimization  ? 
('MATH 2420 and AMS 2940',)
Q 1462: what is the PREREQ of  Combinatorics I ? 
('Math 1920',)
Q 1463: what is the PREREQ of  Combinatorics II  ? 
('Math 2420',)
Q 1464: what is the PREREQ of  Comparative Programming Languages ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 1465: what is the PREREQ of  Compiler Design ? 
('MCS 3320',)
Q 1466: what is the PREREQ of  Complex Variables ? 
('Math 2910',)
Q 1467: what is the PREREQ of  Computer Communications ? 
('Computer Science 2520 and Computer Science 2820',)
Q 1468: what is the PREREQ of  Computer Graphics Programming ? 
('Computer Science 2620 and Math 2610',)
Q 1469: what is the PREREQ of  Computer Organization and Architecture  ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or Computer Science 1920',)
Q 1470: what is the PREREQ of  Computer Science I  ? 
('Computer Science 1910L',)
Q 1471: what is the PREREQ of  Computer Science II ? 
('Computer Science 1910;; Computer Science 1920L;',)
Q 1472: what is the PREREQ of  Credibility Theory  ? 
('AMS 3510 and STAT 3220',)
Q 1473: what is the PREREQ of  Cryptography and Codes  ? 
('Math 3420',)
Q 1474: what is the PREREQ of  Data Analysis and Inference ? 
('Statistics 3240',)
Q 1475: what is the PREREQ of  Data Science  ? 
('Computer Science 3710 and Statistics 2210',)
Q 1476: what is the PREREQ of  Data Visualization and Mining ? 
('Math 2620, Math 2910, and Statistics 3210',)
Q 1477: what is the PREREQ of  Database Systems  ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 1478: what is the PREREQ of  Differential Equations  ? 
('Math 1920',)
Q 1479: what is the PREREQ of  Digital Systems ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or 1920 or Engineering 1310 or 1320, and three semester hours of Mathematics, or permission of the instructor (based on completion of CS 1510 with first class standing); Computer Science 1610L',)
Q 1480: what is the PREREQ of  Directed Studies  ? 
('Acadian Studies 2010 or the permission of the Coordinator of Acadian Studies',)
Q 1481: what is the PREREQ of  Dynamical Systems ? 
('Math 2610, Math 2910, and Math 3010',)
Q 1482: what is the PREREQ of  Elements of Mathematics ? 
(None,)
Q 1483: what is the PREREQ of  Experimental Design ? 
('Statistics 3240',)
Q 1484: what is the PREREQ of  Financial Economics I ? 
('AMS 2400; AMS 2410 Lab',)
Q 1485: what is the PREREQ of  Financial Economics II  ? 
('AMS 2410; AMS 3410L',)
Q 1486: what is the PREREQ of  Financial Mathematics and Investments ? 
('AMS 2160; AMS 2400L',)
Q 1487: what is the PREREQ of  Financial Mathematics II  ? 
('MATH 2610 and AMS 3410',)
Q 1488: what is the PREREQ of  Financial Mathematics III ? 
('AMS 4080 and STAT 3220',)
Q 1489: what is the PREREQ of  Finite Mathematics  ? 
(None,)
Q 1490: what is the PREREQ of  Foundations of Geometry ? 
('Six credit hours of First Year Mathematics',)
Q 1491: what is the PREREQ of  Functional Analysis ? 
('Math 2620 and Math 3510',)
Q 1492: what is the PREREQ of  Game Theory ? 
(' Math 1920, Math 2420 and Statistics 2220',)
Q 1493: what is the PREREQ of  Generalized Linear Models ? 
('Statistics 3220 and Statistics 3240',)
Q 1494: what is the PREREQ of  GGY Axis Technology Lab ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and AMS 2510',)
Q 1495: what is the PREREQ of  Graph Theory  ? 
('Math 2420 or Math 2720',)
Q 1496: what is the PREREQ of  Group Theory  ? 
('Math 2720',)
Q 1497: what is the PREREQ of  Honours Project ? 
(None,)
Q 1498: what is the PREREQ of  Human-Computer Interface Design ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or 1920',)
Q 1499: what is the PREREQ of  Introduction to Bioinformatics  ? 
('Computer Science 2610 or Biology 2230 or permission of instructor. If taken as VPM 8850 or HB 8850 - Admission to the graduate program and permission of the instructor.; Computer Science 3220L',)
Q 1500: what is the PREREQ of  Introduction to Computer Programming Sci  ? 
('Computer Science 1410L',)
Q 1501: what is the PREREQ of  Introductory Statistics I ? 
(None,)
Q 1502: what is the PREREQ of  Introductory Statistics II  ? 
('Statistics 2210 ',)
Q 1503: what is the PREREQ of  Linear Algebra I  ? 
(None,)
Q 1504: what is the PREREQ of  Linear Algebra II ? 
('Math 1910 and Math 2610',)
Q 1505: what is the PREREQ of  Loss Models I ? 
('AMS 3510 and STAT 3220',)
Q 1506: what is the PREREQ of  Loss Models II  ? 
('AMS 4540',)
Q 1507: what is the PREREQ of  Machine Learning and Data Mining  ? 
('Computer Science 3710 and Statistics 2210',)
Q 1508: what is the PREREQ of  Maple Technology Lab  ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and Math 1920',)
Q 1509: what is the PREREQ of  Mathematical Modelling  ? 
('MATH 2610 and MATH 3010; A statistics course',)
Q 1510: what is the PREREQ of  Mathematical Reasoning  ? 
(None,)
Q 1511: what is the PREREQ of  Mathematics of Finance  ? 
('Math 1910',)
Q 1512: what is the PREREQ of  Matlab Technology Lab ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and Math 2610',)
Q 1513: what is the PREREQ of  Measure Theory and Integration  ? 
('Math 3510',)
Q 1514: what is the PREREQ of  Mobile Device Development - Android ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or 1920',)
Q 1515: what is the PREREQ of  Mobile Device Development - iOS ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or Computer Science 1920',)
Q 1516: what is the PREREQ of  Multivariable and Vector Calculus ? 
('Math 1920',)
Q 1517: what is the PREREQ of  Multivariate Analysis ? 
('Statistics 3240',)
Q 1518: what is the PREREQ of  Nonlinear Optimization  ? 
('MATH 2910 and AMS 2940',)
Q 1519: what is the PREREQ of  Number Theory ? 
('Six credit hours of Mathematics at the 2000 level or higher',)
Q 1520: what is the PREREQ of  Numerical Analysis  ? 
('Math 3010 and Computer Science 1510 or equivalent',)
Q 1521: what is the PREREQ of  Operating Systems ? 
('Computer Science 2520, Computer Science 2610, and Computer Science 2820',)
Q 1522: what is the PREREQ of  Optimization  ? 
('MATH 2610',)
Q 1523: what is the PREREQ of  Partial Differential Equations  ? 
('Math 2910 and Math 3010',)
Q 1524: what is the PREREQ of  Point-Set Topology  ? 
('Math 3510',)
Q 1525: what is the PREREQ of  Practical Embedded Systems  ? 
('Computer Science 1210 or Computer Science 1410 or Computer Science 1510 or Engineering 1310 or CS-1910',)
Q 1526: what is the PREREQ of  Probability and Math Statistics I ? 
('Math 2910 and Stat 2220 or permission of the instructor',)
Q 1527: what is the PREREQ of  Probability and Math Statistics II  ? 
('Statistics 3210',)
Q 1528: what is the PREREQ of  Professional Communication and Practice ? 
('At least 36 credit hours completed in the School of Mathematical and Computational Sciences',)
Q 1529: what is the PREREQ of  Programming Practices ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or Computer Science 1920 permission of the instructor (based on completion of CS 1510 with first class standing)',)
Q 1530: what is the PREREQ of  Prototype Systems Development ? 
('Computer Science 3840 and permission of the instructor',)
Q 1531: what is the PREREQ of  Quantitative Risk Management  ? 
('AMS 3310',)
Q 1532: what is the PREREQ of  Quantum Information ? 
('Math 2620',)
Q 1533: what is the PREREQ of  R Technology Lab  ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and Statistics 2220',)
Q 1534: what is the PREREQ of  Real Analysis ? 
('Math 1920 and Math 2720',)
Q 1535: what is the PREREQ of  Ring and Field Theory ? 
('Math 3610',)
Q 1536: what is the PREREQ of  Single Variable Calculus I  ? 
('Math-1910T',)
Q 1537: what is the PREREQ of  Single Variable Calculus II ? 
('Math 1910; Math-1920T',)
Q 1538: what is the PREREQ of  Software Design and Architecture  ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 1539: what is the PREREQ of  Software Engineering  ? 
(None,)
Q 1540: what is the PREREQ of  Software System Project ? 
('Computer Science 4810 (May be taken concurrently in exceptional circumstances)',)
Q 1541: what is the PREREQ of  Special Topics in Mathematical and Compu  ? 
(None,)
Q 1542: what is the PREREQ of  Statistical Simulation  ? 
('Statistics 3220',)
Q 1543: what is the PREREQ of  Stochastic Processes  ? 
('Statistics 3220',)
Q 1544: what is the PREREQ of  Tech. Management and Entrepreneurship ? 
('Computer Science 2520, Computer Science 2620, and Computer Science 2820',)
Q 1545: what is the PREREQ of  Theory of Computing ? 
('Computer Science 2610 and Math 2420',)
Q 1546: what is the PREREQ of  Time Series I ? 
('Statistics 3240',)
Q 1547: what is the PREREQ of  Time Series II  ? 
('Statistics 4330',)
Q 1548: what is the PREREQ of  Tutoring in Math. and Comput. Sciences  ? 
('At least 36 credit hours completed in courses in the School of Mathematical and Computational Sciences',)
Q 1549: what is the PREREQ of  Video Game Design ? 
('Computer Science 2610',)
Q 1550: what is the PREREQ of  Video Game Programming Project  ? 
('Computer Science 3110, Computer Science 4810 and enrolment in the Computer Science with Video Game Programming major.',)
Q 1551: what is the PREREQ of  Video-Game Architecture ? 
('Computer Science 4350; Computer Science 4360',)
Q 1552: what is the PREREQ of  Visual Basic in Excel Technology Lab  ? 
('Computer Science 1510 and AMS 2400',)
Q 1553: what is the PREREQ of  Web Development and Programming ? 
('Computer Science 1520 or Computer Science 1920',)
Q 1554: what is the PREREQ of  Wireless Sensor Network ? 
None
